He does n't realize that he can look like any countless number of people , but that 's not what matters .
He 's never developed a personality .
He just shifts to look different constantly so he 's never had to develop one .
Yet again he only gets so far before she dumps him .
This time he goes and asks her what is wrong .
She tells him that he just did n't seem very passionate about anything .
He only seemed focused on her .
He realizes that he loves her enough to start changing not only physically but mentally .
He begins going to see a psychologist to learn about himself .
He also starts taking classes at a local community college .
He 's learning to try and find out who he is .
He 's learning that he does n't need to change his appearance , but he does need to start changing his behavior .
Over time he starts to discover that he does have interests .
He starts to find out what makes him tick .
He likes to cook .
He likes horror movies .
He appreciates classical music .
As he discovers these things he spends less time obsessing about her .
He 's no longer constantly trying to change himself for her .
He 's wanting to change just to make him happy .
He 's also not shape shifting any more .
He 's discovered that is why he is the way he is .
He 's going to stick with this appearance .
One day he runs into her at a coffee shop .
She notices him from far away .
He has a new confidence that draws her to him .
She comes over and talks to him .
He is polite and catches up with her but does n't do anything to try and impress her .
She catches him off guard when she asks him out on a date .
He politely turns her down .
He 's made so much progress and dating her would just send him back to square one .
Instead he decides to spend that time at home learning to cook a new recipe .
He 'll get back to finding love after he masters this recipe .
Why on earth should n't they be compensated for what they are doing for the school ?
The truth is that the entire system of college sports is built on exploitation that is connected to a broader exploitative system .
The universities profit greatly from these athletes who , in many cases , are putting their health on the line .
There is also the possibility that young people are sustaining long-term damage from participating in sports .
Some might point out that some of these athletes are receiving scholarships in return for playing and therefore getting a free education .
This argument only highlights the broader exploitation at play .
College tuitions themselves are greatly inflated in the US .
The revenue that the schools are accruing from these young athletes is far greater that any loss from the exorbitant tuition fees .
And even when you allow that these students are getting a free education , why should it be at the expense of some other young person ?
We put an emphasis on skills on the field when that player may have taken the place of an aspiring scientist .
In summary if the schools must be allowed to exploit young athletes in this way they should , at the very least , pay them for their efforts .
It has been hard for the shapeshifter to get it right .
He 's not used to being rejected .
The woman is a good woman and she is not interested in a relationship with a man who 's always changing into a different man .
The man does not know what to do .
He can not change himself .
He will always be a shapeshifter .
Then he has an idea .
He can not stop being a shapeshifter but he can change the woman into one .
He just has to figure out how to do this without her being upset with him.The man has a good friend who is a witch .
He goes to her for advice .
She tells him that he can change the woman into a shapeshifter just like him .
It will be easy to do .
He just needs a special tea the witch can give him .
He asks the witch if it is a good thing to do .
She tells him it is a good thing to do .
She says anyone would be happy with the gift of a special power .
The man goes home and makes the tea .
He takes it to the woman but on the way he spills a bit on the floor .
A cat comes by and drinks the tea .
The man sits with the woman while she drinks her tea and he wonders how she is feeling .
He is excited and nervous .
He hopes he is not punished by the universe for casting this spell on the woman he loves .
The woman seems to be feeling fine and he man wonders when she will first shapeshift and learn of her powers .
But then a lion comes into the room and attacks and kills the woman .
It was the cat that had the tea that killed the woman .
The shapeshifter would never cast a spell again .
They know he has made some decent movies , mainly they loved Good Will Hunting .
But they have n't seen him in anything recently and want to know if he is still a loved actor , or if they can experiment on him .
Perhaps cloning ?
The aliens are not the only ones who want to know if he is still loved .
Matt wants to know himself .
It seems like ages ago that he was Jason Bourne , and the Ocean 's movies are a thing of the past too .
Now that his pal , Ben is back with JLO , Matt is feeling very much like an outsider and really needs a boost to his self esteem .
Maybe getting taken by aliens is n't such a bad thing for himself , after all .
This is a story of Matt Damon , and his journey to find his place in the world .
The aliens are kind to him and treat him like a special guest , at least in the beginning .
Word soon gets around Earth that Matt is missing , and most of Hollywood , along with the FBI , get involved in looking for him .
Someone , I think Will Smith , laughingly suggests he may have been kidnapped by aliens .
This causes quite a riot with the tabloids , and Will reinstates his old Men in Black persona .
Matt is a good sport about it all , and even helps Will Smith with his investigation .
He sends him secret messages over a burner phone to Will 's old MIB phone .
Will is completely shocked that he is receiving secret intelligence and he takes his information to the FBI .
The FBI actually have an intergalactic task force .
Who knew ? !
They start planning to institute protocol 1AF , which is for finding one actor , and the rescue of Matt Damon is underway .
The aliens have forgotten that they were every planning to experiment on Matt .
They are so enthralled with her personality and stories of colleagues , that they forget to pay attention to Earth .
They do n't know that the FBI is looking for him or that 1AF is underway .
Imagine their shock , when a team of Space agents arrive on their planet to reclaim Matt .
They are quite shocked , and Matt is quite shocked .
He had no idea the rescue would happen so quickly .
He is loved ! !
He is so grateful and excited to be going home .
The aliens are not so thrilled .
They will miss the stories and having such a famous and friendly person in their company .
Matt hates to see his new friends punished , and he ensures there will be no repercussions for his kidnapping .
The aliens ask Matt if there is anything they can do to make him stay .
Matt declines , but does agree to send them Ben Affleck 's address .
Maybe they can kidnap him next .
In the year 2045 , the world is a very different place .
The population has exploded to the point where there is no more room on Earth .
Having immortality is good , but with nobody ever dying , natural resources have grown scarce .
There is little food , and the rich own all of the land .
The rich have moved to the moon , and the rest of the population has been left to fend for themselves .
The only way to get to the moon is to win a lottery .
The lottery is held every year , and the odds of winning are one in a million .
You have retired to a small cabin in the wilderness , illegally located in a rich trillionaire 's hunting reserve .
You live off the land , and you have a small garden .
One day , you discover that the rich are hunting humans .
The immortality drug has secretly contained tracers , so the rich can hunt those who take it , for their cannibalistic rituals .
You feel sick to your stomach .
You must survive the hunters , and the other dangers of the wilderness .
ou must also find a way to get to the moon , and win the lottery. , to cure this evil at its source .
You have your work cut out for you !
You have outlived all of your friends , and have nothing to lose .
This will be your last hurrah !
You watch as you slowly become an adult , get married , have kids and experience all the highs and lows of life .
During the film , a wave of nostalgia comes over .
You look at the people around you who are also experiencing that wave , and then you realize that it has been happening every time someone in your previous life .
Things like regrets and missed chances rush through your mind .
You then realize that you have never truly lived life to the fullest and you want to change that .
You stand up in the cinema and shout , 'Stop ! '
The screen goes black .
Everyone in the audience looks up , confused .
' I 'm sorry .
I 'm sorry , but I ca n't let the film go on .
I need to make it better . '
You turn to the man sitting next to you .
'Give me a little more time , please , and I 'll make the film the best it can be .
I 'll give it the best love story , and finish it off with a bang ! '
The man raises a hand and smiles .
'That 's fine .
Go ahead , and let us know when it 's complete . '
'Okay ' and it was time to get to work .
On a piece of paper , the Main Character sketched out the story .
There was childhood , romantic life , career , old age ...
Romantic life needed more .
Much more .
And the ending was n't an ending at all .
The Main Character scribbled some notes onto the sketch , and was ready for the next step .
The Main Character traveled back to the part of the film with the love story .
It was n't a romance .
It was too dull , too predictable .
The Main Character would have to spice it up a little bit .
She added new music to the scenes with the love interest .
The melody was more complex .
'This will be more fun to watch . '
Now it was time to work on the ending .
It was a happy ending , but it needed more .
She looked back to the film shots of the love story , and the man , and how they danced together .
She wrote a note on the paper .
She spliced the film from the dance scene to the last day of her life .
She wanted to end it all with a bang .
It was ready .
It was time to watch the New Film .
The audience gathered again in the cinema .
The Main Character sat down in her reclining chair and watched the New Film .
The film began to play , and the audience members faces lit up with joy .
The New Film was a masterpiece .
The scenes with the love story were so romantic .
When the film reached the end and she was about to pass onto heaven , the young man she danced with all those years ago was there waiting for her at heaven 's door .
The last song played as the film faded to black .
The audience stood up and applauded .
It was perfect !
Reading involves a ritual that you do not get with an audiobook .
You sit down with a cup of coffee in a chair .
You open the book and hold it in your hands .
You flip pages and go at your own speed .
You are fully immersed in the author 's words .
Nothing else is going on in the world .
It 's an experience that is very unique .
With an audiobook you get none of that .
You hear the same story but you do n't get the same experience .
With an audiobook , you get distracted .
You often times are doing other things at the same time .
You might end up missing part of the story because of that .
Reading takes time but it 's so worth the time you spend to just sit there and enjoy reading .
You wo n't be able to multitask but that is part of the charm .
It 's an old fashioned luxury you could say .
I think it 's important to enjoy the experience of reading .
The experience of doing it , not just the actual task of hearing it like in an audio book .
While audiobooks do have their advantages , it 's nice to disconnect from technology .
It even comes down to physically going to the library to get a book .
Rather than downloading an audiobook , it 's so refreshing to visit a library .
That 's another experience that you miss out on otherwise .
Obviously , audiobooks are n't going anywhere anytime soon but it 's nice to detach from that world for awhile .
I firmly believe a physical book is better .
It feels nicer and I have better interactions with an actual book .
I 'm all for the occasional audiobook sometimes .
It gives you a chance to take in a book when you are busy .
Nothing will ever beat a good old fashioned book and a cup of coffee on the weekend though .
The benefits of screen time are many .
In terms of education for our children , the use of computers and zoom and programming geared towards kids was the only thing for many schools that allowed them to teach at all the 2020-2021 school year .
Without technology and computer use , millions of children would have had absolutely no way to be in contact with their teachers and get even a semblance of learning .
The use of zoom classroom allowed teachers to visually see their students and for the kids in the classes to interact with their educator and each other .
Another advantage , speaking again in terms of children , that I have noticed is when my kids are playing multiplayer games online .
The ones I am most familiar with are Roblox and Overwatch .
My children have made friends from all around the world while playing these games .
One always has to be vigilant for online predators , and to educate children about being safe online , but the knowledge of other cultures and other countries my children have gained with communicating with youngsters from varied areas is immeasurable .
For youth to be able to interact with diverse people in a situation where you have to help each other to survive , ca n't really be taught in life outside a gaming situation .
have also noticed that my children are much more comfortable with technology than I was at their agee .
I could barely figure out how to turn a computer on when I was 12 , let alone program or do research .
I have to ask my 12 year old for help with word sometimes , and my older teen with power point .
With the world and employment becoming increasingly digital and online , it is beneficial beyond words for children to know how to interact and use technology to their advantage .
I also believe that the benefits of screen time are not just for children .
These are just the advantages I am most tuned in to since I interact and see my children using their devices daily .
There may be some disadvantages , if you allow excess screen time or do n't teach your child simple online safety rules , but the benefits simply outweigh the risks .
I am not advocating for a screen free life .
As with anything in this life , moderation and discipline are key .
This actually another benefit .
Teaching children how to limit their time , and how to apply restraints to online use can also teach structure and scheduling and organization to youth before they get out into the 'real world . '
The advantages are obvious to me and technology should be embraced and utilized as the tool it is .
he wolf totally did n't know what to make of this house .
He was truly flabbergasted at the site of it and knew there was no way he could blow it down like the others .
So he decided to wait it out , and sure enough , after three months of sitting there the little pig came out .
Finally , the wolf could strike and get his meaty little morsel into his stomach .
He hid in the bushes and waited for the pig to walk by .
The little pig came out , looked around , and went right back into the house .
The wolf could not believe it !
He was utterly defeated and exhausted from waiting for so long just to be disappointed .
The wolf decided to go search for a tool that could cut through anything .
The wolf searched far and wide for such a tool and eventually found something .
He found a laser gun so powerful that it could even cut through steel , let alone uranium .
The wolf was pleased and begin to move the laser to the pig 's house .
He prepared to fire it when all of a sudden the pig appeared outside and deployed a laser prove shield against the wolf .
Again , the wolf was defeated and proceeded to crawl back to his lair where he would hatch up another plan .
he wolf went searching for a way to get around the laser defense shield and ended up finding a grenade launcher .
He fired the gun at the house to blow it up and eat the pig .
Too bad the pig had deployed a bounce-back mechanism that launched the grenades back at the wolf .
The wolf would be killed finally on that day by the smartest pig among them .
Pig number 92 would live on as the champion of Pigville .
he story of Pig number 92 was written by a famous piggy poet .
It described his adventures with the wolf and his overall success in killing him .
The moral of this story was really that there is always someone smarter out there and even determination can not always be the deciding factor in who wins .
his story was written to teach children the power of education .
think it 's great to use technology to find a relationship .
I personally found my partner that way so I know it works .
But once you 're in a relationship , I think it 's important to put the phone down and focus on your partner .
That 's a problem that many relationships face .
People use technology to find their love but then they ca n't put their phone down to basically nurture the very thing they were wanting .
I feel that technology can be addictive so people do n't feel satisfied even upon finding love which may have been their ultimate goal in the first place .
Our reliance in technology is n't going anywhere .
We may as well embrace it to help us find love , especially right now during these difficult times .
I think it 's a great way to meet someone and it can be a great way to keep in touch with your partner .
If you happen to both be busy or be in a long term relationship then technology is crucial to keep it going .
I think it 's important to have a balance though .
Know when to put the phone down and know when to disconnect and focus on your partner .
Other technology can bring us closer together such as streaming apps like Netflix .
It 's a great way to spend time together and it 's a great way to bond .
You can just sit there and binge watch a show together when you 're both too tired to do anything else .
I think in the past year that people have realized that more than ever .
So with technology I 'd say it 's great to use a dating app to find love .
But once you do maybe put your phone down more and just get on the couch and binge watch a show together .
Something as simple as that is all that is needed to nurture that love you were seeking in the first place .
This alien is named Soeurette and comes from the planet called Doozy .
Soeurette kidnaps Matt Damon for his immense talent of playing the ukulele .
She is so impressed with Matt Damon 's ukulele playing abilities that she forces him to play at all of her parties on planet Doozy .
And so the game begins , Matt Damon must escape from planet Doozy by playing the ukulele and over a period of years , becomes a ukulele playing slave to Soeurette .
The game is called Ukulele Hero .
The more difficult songs he plays the more points he earns toward his freedom from planet Doozy and from his master , Soeurette .
It is here that Matt Damon must face his greatest challenge .
Yes , Matt Damon had a challenging career back on planet Earth but on planet Doozy it is a whole different story .
Matt Damon must master such exotic ukulele songs as 'The Entertainer ' , 'Smoke on the Water ' , and 'This Land Is Your Land . '
Soeurette is a very demanding alien to entertain .
She frequently throws parties as she gets married every two years to a different alien .
Matt Damon must play a song every couple of minutes at these parties or Soeurette will start to get angry .
MMany hundreds of years pass and aatt Damon is still playing songs for Soeurette on his ukulele .
Mtt Damon is very anxious to escape from planet Doozy as he has had enough of being a slave to Soeurette .
Matt Damon has almost reached the end of his ukulele playing days and is very close to freedom .
The only thing that stands in his way is the hardest song he has ever played on planet Doozy ; 'The Way We Were . '
He practices this song until his fingers and vocals ache .
He nails the chords and makes sure that he has his rhythm down pat .
Matt Damon is ready for his moment to shine .
The time has come for Matt Damon to face Soeurette and play her his finest ukulele performance .
The occasion for this performance is Soeurette 's 500th wedding ceremony .
Yes , she has really cycled through that many male aliens over the years since she can never be in a stable relationship .
This ceremony will be ultimate for Matt Damon and his ukulele playing abilities .
Matt Damon walks out in front of the crowds and plays his heart out .
He plays the chords perfectly and nails his rhythm .
The crowd looks on in utter amazement at Matt Damon 's ukulele playing abilities .
They are blown away .
He finishes the song and the crowd erupts in applause .
Matt Damon looks at Soeurette , trying to read her mind .
Is this it ?
Does he get his freedom now ?
Soeurette smiles at Matt Damon , signifying that she is impressed with his performance .
Matt Damon 's heart beats faster with excitement .
He can almost taste freedom .
He looks at Soeurette and she says 'That was very good , now go make me a sandwich ! '
But Matt Damon smiles .
He knows that by her saying that his performance was very good , he has finally earned his freedom .
He knows he can escape from planet Doozy and never have to deal with Soeurette again .
So he politely declines her request to make a sandwich and tells her to enjoy the catering at her 500th wedding reception .
And then , he happily skips back over to Earth , and returns to his friends and family .
Yes , that is a real term , for a common trope .
This is a character who is there to help the white protagonist , but has no real purpose in the story .
They do n't really have any character development .
They 're just there to help the white person , to be the 'other ' person .
They 're the janitor or the black man who has just been in jail .
They 're the girl next door with no personality of her own , who adores the protagonist for no good reason .
They 're the weird gay friend who lusts after the main character .
I ao n't like it when a character is only there to be the 'token ' person of color .
do n't like it when a character is only there to be the 'token ' woman .
I do n't like it when a character is only there to be the 'token ' gay person .
I do n't like it when a character is only there to be the 'token ' disabled person .
do n't like it when a character is only there to be the 'token ' anything .
m not saying that these characters ca n't be written well .
I 'm saying that when they are written well , they are not offensive .
It 's the lazy writing , the way these characters exist only to help the white ( often male ) star of the show , and do n't exist as people themselves .
It 's the way they are only there to be the 'other ' person , watching the hero from the outside .
I do n't think I would ever natch or read something bshallow like this , ecause of its offensive portrayal of someone .
I would rather read or watch something that is well-written and has a diverse cast of characters-they can be any color they want .
We need well-rounded characters , who are there for a reason , and no more encouraging 'other ' stereotypes .
We 're all people , each with our own unique stories , and should be represented as such !
You are appalled to realize how bad the side effects are .
Of course , you do not have any of these side effects , since the drug was only given to people who are younger than you .
But you realize how much society has been hindered by the effects of this terrible drug .
You decide to go back in time to stop the drug from being invented .
You go back in time to the year 2029 .
You are 28 years old .
You decide to go to a university to find the scientist who invented the drug .
You find the university and the scientist 's lab .
You walk in and introduce yourself .
You tell the scientist that you are from the future and that the drug he invented will have terrible side effects .
He does not believe you .
You try to convince him more by elaborating on how nasty the side effects will be .
He still does not believe you .
After all , he is convinced that any drug that has such miraculous anti-aging properties is going to be well worth its costs .
He does not see much merit to your argument , especially when he can not believe that you are a being from the future .
You realize that you have to do something drastic to convince him .
To do so , you decide to unveil evidence that you are a person of the future .
You take out a piece of paper and write down the following : 'You will invent a drug that will stop the effects of aging .
This drug will be given to all citizens under the age of 26 .
This will be done in the year 2029 .
The side effects of this drug will be discovered in the year 2085 .
The side effects will be so bad that society will be greatly hindered .
Entire cultures will collapse all because of your drug .
I come from a culture called the Neysi people .
The Neysi people have been entirely wiped out by your drug .
I have lost my family , my friends and my neighbors to your drug and my life has been spiraling out of control as a result .
You do not want to go through with this .
Please listen . '
The scientist considers what you have written .
He is shocked that you have predicted the future with such accuracy .
He is also shocked that you have lost your entire culture to the drug .
He is convinced that you are a person from the future .
He decides to stop the drug from being invented .
He decides to destroy the lab and all of his research .
But he warns you that some of his research has already been published in some famous journals and there is no promising that no one else will pick up where he has left off once he ceases all of his research .
You decide that this is a risk and a threat that you will have to get comfortable with , since it is so much better than the alternative , which would put the scientist in a position where he would truly eradicate society with all certainty .
You thank the scientist for his cooperation and his time .
After all , this is a famous scientist you are talking to , and this man deserves respect for having listened to you at last .
You know that this scientist is sacrificing publications and career success just to heed your concerns and you are very grateful that this scientist is one of the rare people on Earth willing to do that .
You leave the scientist 's lab by wishing him all of the best of luck on any other endeavors that he plans to take on in the near term .
The scientist gives you a wry smile and thanks you for being so supportive of his work and his calling .
You walk out of the lab and you go back to your time .
She opens the door to find a cat .
It is a Russian Blue and she thinks it is a male because it is big and seems dominant .
She decides to name it 'He-Man ' because of its size and attitude .
She decides to take it with her on her date , but the cat is not happy .
She arrives at the restaurant to meet her date , and places the cat 's chair on another chair at her table .
The cat jumps up on the chair and begins to walk around it , and then jumps down and walks around the table .
Now she gets it : He-Man is a Hungry-Man .
The woman is very upset that her date is late , and she is also upset that the cat is not happy .
She asks the waiter for a piece of broiled chicken and , when it comes , she offers it to the cat .
The cat eats it and then jumps up on the chair again .
By this time her date is over an hour late .
She decides to order as she is hungry .
She orders a steak , and when it comes , she offers some to the cat .
After a few more minutes , the waiter approaches , carrying a small white envelope .
He hands it to her and says , 'This was delivered for you sometime yesterday . 'She opens it and removes a small piece of paper .
It reads : By the time you read this , you might be thinking that I stood you up .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
I am here and I am sitting in the cat 's chair .
The woman is dumbfounded .
She reads on .
am not a cat , but a shapeshifter .
And I love you .
That trendy vicar ?
That 25 year old slacker with acne ?
That lion of Wall Street with the attitude ?
They were all me !
I have been trying to get it right , but I never seem to .
So this is my last chance !
Take me home !
Please !
Feed me and love me .
I will be your best friend for life !
The woman 's eyes tear up and she can hardly see the paper .
She pays her bill and grabs the carrier .
She leaves the restaurant and heads for home , her He-Man in tow .
What do you do ?
First I rub my eyes .
I roll them .
Another kook letter .
I am surprised it made it into my house .
Usually , these things are diverted to the appropriate authorities .
I wonder how and who left it by my bedside .
I wonder if Michelle left it as a joke , or one of the kids .
I chuckle .
Then , I get the urge to read it again .
I notice that the paper is unusual .
It rather glows .
Then I notice there is a strange cell phone on the bedside table as well .
I pick it up .
The number light is blinking .
I notice it is the same number as the one in the letter .
I am more curious now .
I press send .
A voice comes from the cell phone .
Just pack what you really want to keep and be ready ' the voice says and then cuts the connection .
I 'm feeling seriously weirded out .
I head to the bathroom and then I am conscious of Michelle crying in the next room .
I go in as ask her what is wrong .
She ignores me .
I go and sit beside her and ask again .
Again , she ignores me .
I decide to go and make her a cup of tea .
The girls are sitting at the kitchen table , also crying .
I ask them what is wrong and they do n't even glance up let alone respond .
It 's like they do n't see or hear me .
What is going on here ?
feel cold .
I realize JFK is dead .
It occurs to me I might also be dead !
I try the kitchen wall phone but I ca n't even lift the receiver , it just stays in place .
That 's it I decide , I 'm dead and JFK has invited me to join him .
Is this some dead Presidents club ?
I start giggling , I 'm dead , just like JFK .
Best to follow directions then and pack some stuff .
I go back to the bedroom and see a small glowing bag on the bed .
'What should I take ' ?
I ultimately decide to take nothing and go out to wait for pickup on the front porch feeling oddly free .
The reason why i would say that it makes me cringe is because of how realistic it is in our lives today in regard to mental health .
I just think about what it has to do to a kids mind being picked in everyday when they go to school .
They dont even get a choice whether or not to go to school , it is the law that they be there in this structured environment .
An environment where they can not even trust the officials to protect them from the emotional abuse .
But not only the kid being bullied , i also think about the bully themself .
What drives someone to bully a kid ?
They must have their own mental issues as well that may need to be tended to .
I would say it hits me harder while watching a movie over reading a book .
You can hear more introspective thoughts while reading a book .
A movie , all you see is what is on the outside unless the character is narrating themselves .
So the movie is closer to reality in my opinion for that reason .
I wouldnt say that i cringe out of it seeming corny to me , or being uncomfortable .
But mostly a cringe just due to the fact that it makes my mind go to the people who have lost their lives from overwhelmed kids doing things like school shootings and bombs , simply because they are having trouble controlling their minds and dealing with the stress that is put on them from either being bullied , family upbringing , etc .
I dont think i would ever not watch or read something because of its offensive portrayal of someone , unless it was blatantly trying to be racist to its audience or something like that .
Normally when there is offensive portrayal of someone it is tied into the plot of the story .
If there were to be offensive portrayal of someone for no rythme or reason then it may be difficult for me to watch .
I just dont really understand or identify with that type of hateful mindset , so i would rather not watch it .
I understand that people are brought up in certain ways , but to me it is almost like they are brainwashed to be hateful towards people who were born a certain way .
I dont know , i guess i just dont understand it .
Other than that , i think stereotypes actually add more to books than what they could take away .
They allow you to identify with characters and form deeper understandings of them .
Also , they allow you to see people overcome their stereotype , and evolve as the story goes on just as people do in our reality .
After all the initial shock and confusion , I sat down on my seat and spoke to another version of me and asked , 'Where are we ? '
She told me that we 're on the 'reincarnation screen ' and that we 're about to watch our next lives .
She was younger than me , as I am in my forties , and she was in her twenties .
I did remember the time when I was in my twenties .
I asked her how she died and she told me that she died from a heroin overdose .
I remember that particular day in college , and it was a girl I knew that died that day , not me , as I had to study for my exams .
While the movie was playing , I seem to be more interested with this version of me rather than what I was watching on screen .
She seemed more happy and more energetic than me .
After all , she died way earlier than me .
I felt happy for her because she did n't have to worry about problems like me .
After some time that we were talking , she asked me , 'How about you ? '
'How about me , what ? '
I asked .
'How did you die ? '
she said .
That is the question that I was dreading to answer .
I did not have a carefree life the way she had .
I was always worried about the future , I was always thinking about what would happen if I did this or that .
I was worried about my mortgage , my bills , the people around me .
In the end , I had too much of it and decided to end my life .
' I ..
I committed suicide . '
I regrettably said to her .
Understandably she got very quiet .
Her face suddenly felt that it was sad and she started to cry .
' I 'm sorry , I did not intend to make you feel sad . '
I said .
'You did n't , I wish I did n't die the way I did . '
she said while she was still crying .
' I did n't realize how lucky I was until I saw how unhappy you were in your life .
I wasted mine . '
Tears came down my eyes too as we felt silent and just continued watching the movie screen .
After a few moments , we saw another version of us enter the movie theater and another movie started playing .
he wolf came to the 92nd little pig 's house and said , 'Little pig , little pig , let me come in . '
The pig , not expecting any visitors , told the wolf to come back another time .
'My house is a mess right now ! ' .
The wolf could smell its prey .
It would n't back down now .
'Little pig , little pig , let me come in or I 'll huff and I 'll puff and I 'll blow your house down !
' , the wolf said .
Perplexed , the pig peered out of its window at the wolf .
'My house is rated for hurricane-level winds ' , the pig thought to himself .
' I would like to see you try !
' , the pig yelled out of the window .
The wolf snarled at the comment .
He positioned himself right in front of the depleted uranium house .
He started to take a very deep breath .
It seemed like he was inhaling for five minutes .
Then , he exhaled out the air with a mighty 'whoosh ' .
The pig was unimpressed .
The house still stood .
The only aftermath was the wolf was out of breath .
'Wait .
Wait .
Let me try again .
' , said the wolf .
The wolf started to inhale again .
The pig cut him off .
'Look .
What is it you really want here ?
Maybe we can talk this out ? ' .
The wolf thought to himself for a second .
'Whenever I can smell my prey , I always get it .
My prey is that cheesecake I smell in your house .
' , the wolf said .
The pig was confused .
'All of this was over cheesecake ?
Here ! ' .
The pig put a piece of cheesecake on the plate , opened his door , and set the cheesecake down outside .
The wolf yelled out 'Victory ! '
and scooped up the cheesecake .
He then ran off into the woods .
'My neighbors are terribly weird ' , the pig thought to himself .
As Barack Obama receiving this letter , I am very confused .
Is this a joke ?
Is this real ?
He wondered if JFK contacted him from the dead or if someone was playing a trick .
He thought about it for a few minutes and decided to call the number .
It rang and then a man answered .
'Hello , ' said the man on the other line .
'This is John F .
Kennedy . '
Obama did n't believe it .
'No way , ' he said .
But the man on the other line said , 'Look out your window . '
So Barack looked out the window and saw JFK standing outside .
'Are you a ghost ? '
asked Barack .
'No , ' said JFK .
But there was no time for talking about that .
JFK had to get to the real mission at hand .
' I need you to come with me to the future , ' he said .
'Okay , I 'm retired so I may as well , ' said Barack .
And then he met JFK outside where there was a time machine .
It was a DeLorean just like in Back to the Future .
So he gets in and they take off .
'Where are we going ? '
asked Barack .
'To the year 2040 , ' said JFK .
'And why are we going there ? '
he asked .
JFK told him it was because the world was in danger .
They had to save the planet from the future hostile alien race that was taking it over .
'Okay , I 'm in , ' said Barack .
So when they got to the future they realized in 2040 all previous presidents have magic powers that can destroy aliens .
So JFK told Barack he had to learn how to use his powers .
Together they practiced their power that helped them make things disappear .
In the end they were able to save the planet by vanishing the aliens and they saved the human race .
At first this just caused mass confusion but after a while data scientists started to realize there was a system to the rankings .
he rankings are determined by sieveral factors .
From a dad 's wealth to the amount of time spent with kids and also what the kids post about their parents .
There was about 122 data points in all .
he system was taken over by the state and eventually was privatized to a company called Equation .
Equation , orginized all the ranking and gave detailed eplanations on each category so all the dad 's could understand why they were at that particular rating .
This created a society based on tiers .
They were the 1 % , 10 % 49 % , 51 % , 75 % and the dreaded 10 % .
This would now determine the fate of every dad on earth .
You were hired and fired based on these numbers .
You were welcome to certain places or unwelcome at others .
You could only get loans if you fell in to the upper tiers .
It was a nightmare scenario .
Then the dad 's from the bottom 50 % started a war with the dad 's from the top 50 % .
It was a very quick and brutal war that was easily won by the top 50 % because they had almost all the wealth and resources .
After that the dad 's from the bottom 50 % were forced to live in a walled off community where their ranking would not be a factor .
The top 50 % went on to marry a minimum of two wives and repopulated the world .
All was fine for hundreds of years until a similar event happened only this time every dad 's drivers licenses changed , adding a numerical ranking which started started a whole new war with the same outcome .
This went on for ages until human kind made it out to the stars and found out a couple of alien teenagers had been playing pranks on earth for the past couple thousand years .
The kids were grounded and mankind was left to progress on its own .
- The End
He has really gotten to know the woman and he can get it right with her if he just does the right thing by her and can stop being selfish .
The woman is a wonderful and giving person .
All she wants is someone who treats her like a true friend .
She wants to be with someone who puts her first and cares about her feelings .
She 's been hurt by men who only want to use her and do n't care about her .
The shapeshifter is a good guy who just wants to be with the woman .
He became a shapeshifter as a child so he is used to having these powers .
He 's been using them to get the woman to fall for him .
He has never really learned how to care for a partner because he grew up in a world of magic and his parents are distant .
The shapeshifter wants to start a family with the woman so he knows he has one more time to get things right so she will marry him .
The shapeshifter finally starts thinking about the woman as the mother of his future child and this changes the way he cares for her .
It finally makes him a good boyfriend .
The woman falls in love with him and they agree to marry .
Years later the woman and the shapeshifter have a child .
The shapeshifter has gained the woman 's love and trust in every way .
That is , until the child starts to show it has magic abilities .
Now the shapeshifter must tell the woman the truth about himself as it is only a matter of time before she finds out on her own .
Luckily the woman is already deeply in love with the shapeshifter and her child so she forgives him and vows to be the best mother and wife she can be .
The story has been told to me so many times , I feel confident enough to share it with others .
Follow me into this world as I provide a short explanation of what I 'm talking about .
The story of Mana is a story of the human race .
It all starts with us .
What is Mana ?
It 's power .
It 's strength .
it 's discipline .
It 's hope .
Love .
Wonder .
Mana is something that all people used to possess ; humans were innately born with it , possessed by its kindness , and automatically instilled with how to use it .
But with the advancement of technology , the human race has become so dependent on it that we 've forgotten how to use Mana .
Also , everything changed when the fire nation attacked .
( Just Kidding . )
But basically , Mana is one of the most important qualities on this planet , and it 's slowly dying , fading into the societal abyss .
At least it was until the aliens attacked .
( Not Kidding . )
Out of what , 8 billion of us ?
9 billion of us ?
Only 150 remain .
I am one of them .
And I 'm here to make sure that we do n't go completely extinct .
The president stared at his advisors .
They stared at the tvs , equipped to accept signals outside of the narrow range assigned to the US for the first time in 50 years .
The whole world was out there .
And this whole time they had been living their lives without the USA .
America was the only nation left in isolation .
The president turned towards his First Advisor 'Johnson what does this all mean ?
I remember as a child - we all agreed , they all agreed .... 'Johnson was shocked himself , finding it hard to gather the words the President wanted to hear .
' I do n't know sir ... What did the Russians say ? '
The President went even more pale .
'Apparently there are n't 'Russians ' anymore .
Just the West Asian Conglomerate . '
The First Advisor was confused .
The Interior Minister of Return spoke up .
'From what we can tell , a couple of years after we all entered isolation several , well , many , countries were experiencing famine and such , not large enough or in the right climate to produce enough food and goods to support the populace .
So they came out first , looking for help .
But but about 5 years in even the larger countries came out , after protests and government turnover forced the issue . '
'So what does that all mean , where do we stand ? '
The first advisor spoke up again , 'Well sir ... we have no standing .
As you can see , the rest of the world has continued to advance .
And judging by the communications we received in response to our return greetings , they are n't actually all that interested in dealing with us .
Sir , to be honest , they think we are weak and a liability . '
'But we 're an economic and military powerhouse ! '
Shouted the President .
'We just need to show them ... 'The rest of the council shook their heads .
Various voices spoke up 'After 50 years of self restraint , our people do n't have the same energy ... ' 'They know more than us now ... ' 'Our newer generations lack drive ... 'Then the High Minister of Isolation Planning and Maintenance spoke up , in a rather superior tone 'You know , even in the days leading up to the return we had many who said that it was a mistake .
I myself campaigned to stay in isolation .
Who knows what other diseases and moral contaminants have grown out there in our absence .
But no one would listen .
But the situation has changed and I have a new plan .
We are going to take a page from the old Russians and continue to cultivate our ideals here in isolation .
This time with the focus of coming out stronger , and more powerful than ever before .
If you will all join me in my chambers you 'll find I have a plan already drawn up ... 'Three days later , the council approved the new isolation plan and announced a new 50 year isolation period , effective immediately and without exception .
The rest of the world barely noticed .
Life goes on .
They should learn how to read , write , and do math .
These are the basics that will help them succeed in life .
I think the most important thing I have learned in school is how to read .
There is knowledge about every topic under the sun , if only one can read about it .
Reading , and truly understanding any topic is essential to improving and learning , no matter which profession we choose in life .
Being able to read exposes us to new ideas , stimulates our minds , and keeps us curious .
Reading is important because it helps us to learn and understand things .
It will help us in the future because we will be able to read and understand things that we need to know , whatever we are doing .
Similarly , writing allows us to share our idea with others .
Writing is the counterpart to reading-we record our knowledge , to help others improve , sharing ourselves for them to experience .
Writing is essential to reading , and vice-versa .
Math is important because it is the language of science .
It is the language of the universe .
It is exact , unchangeable , and present in everything .
Math is the reading and writing of the world we live in .
It is the constant scientific expression of our carbon-based lifeforms .
ath is important because it allows us to understand the world around us .
It is the precise reading of what the universe has written .
Math , reading , and writing are all intrinsically linked , each having an effect on each other , each able to better interpret the others .
Because of the this , they are the three basic building blocks , from which everything else can be constructed , the most important subjects anyone can study .
believe news of what is happening in the world helps broaden our perspective , get us to think of people outside of our lives , and helps us to vote properly in elections .
The news , however , has become all about ratings , and they do n't give us the most reliable information anymore .
Social media is also skewing our perception of reality .
The search algorithms on our news feeds also just reinforce what we already believe and does not usually give us the full story , just the parts that interest us .
This is a crisis we face today and it shows in how we acted during the election and what choices we are making during the pandemic .
ow Wwe got to where we are is the public educations systems fault , big techs fault and our unwillingness to challenge our own beliefs .
If we were better informed and had common , objective truths that held us together we would be much better off .
So in conclusion , it is not just important to keep up with current events , its important to view them objectively using the best evidence and not jumping to conclusions .
While not engaging in current affairs does not necessary make you a bad citizen but it does take away from the much needed participation in a democracy .
People have their reasons to participating in sports like these , and i dont feel it is really our choice to determine whether this reason is selfish or not .
here are mprobably any reasons why people do extreme mountain climbing .
One of the main reasons i believe is just for that adrenaline rush or thrill .
That rush is something that is more than likely thereapeutic to them .
The feeling of bliss when all you are focused on is just climbing that rock , the reason being if you fall you are probably going to be seriously injured or die .
I can really understand someone who is doing it for this reason because it is a way to control your mental .
I have participated in sports all my life as well , and i know for a fact it is what kept my mental sane .
As soon as i stopped playing football after college , i had a huge missing gap in my life .
One that i had from the age of 8 all the way through 22 .
I have learned so much about myself and know that i needed to find that another sport that gave me that feeling .
This caused me to get into boxing .
Boxing gave me the same sort of adrenaline that cleared my mind and made me feel good and happy .
Me personally , I would so much rather do something dangerous and scary than to be in my own head and be upset or depressed .
I would rather sky dive from a plane , climb a mountain , fight a boxing match , or even run into a burning building than being in my own head and upset .
So someone who does mountain climbing for the mental part of it directly correlates to my life directly .
I dont think any sort of line can be drawn for what is reasonable and not because it is completely up to that person .
Whether this person is a father of four , or a twenty year old with no kids .
If this person is doing the sport for a mental benefit , or benefit of any kind , i think it is not selfish .
A clear head is what ultimately allows someone to be the best version of themselves .
Us making the decision on what someone can and can not do because it is deemed selfish , completely takes that choice away from the individuals .
So in conclusion , i feel that it is not selfish to pursue risky sports likee extreme mountain climbing .
I think it would be more selfish to believe that we can make the decision for the person on whether or not they should .
A special Matt Center is set up in a deep basement of the Pentagon , staffed with America 's top brass .
The President is personally involved , and the CIA , FBI , and NSA are all on the case .
The alien is located within minutes using the secret bar code/miniature camera/brain wave-reading technology that had been implanted in unwitting COVID vaccine recipients .
The alien is located in a remote area of the Sonoran desert , and the President orders a strike force to be sent .
The strike force is comprised of a dozen of the most elite soldiers in the wcountry all with special abilities .
Hours later , a line of Black Suburban SUVs are facing a slimy exoskeleton , with two eye-stalks protruding , one of its claws holding on to Matt Damon .
The alien is holding a hand-held device , and it speaks in a deep , raspy voice : ' I have the human .
He 's gon na need therapy after this one . '
The lead soldier , a man with a dark complexion and a scar on his face , says , 'We 're gon na need a bsocial worker on site'The alien responds , ' I 'm not gon na hurt him .
I just wanted his autograph . '
The soldier says , ' I 'm gon na need ythe utograph , too . '
Its evidence . '
Dream on , ' says the alien , and bright cosmic rays emanate from his eye-stalks .
The soldiers all fall to the ground , unconscious .
The alien hands Matt a pen and a movie poster from Argo .
Matt signs , and the alien says , 'Thanks , man .
The wifey will sure get a kick out of this one . '
The alien then teleports away , leaving Matt alone in the desert .
Matt staggers toward the awakening soldiers .
' I 'm okay , ' he says .
'That 's great , but you could have asked if we were okay ! '
says the lead soldier .
' I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry , ' says Matt .
'But how much will you get paid for your next picture , you loser ? '
The soldiers all look at each other , and then they all start bslapping att with their wnpened hands
It has made it easier to meet people and to connect with them .
It has also made it easier to find out more about people before you meet them .
You can learn much about people before even spending any time trying to approach them in real life .
Technology gives us more options than ever before .
I have used dating apps and I have met people in person through them .
I have also met people in person who I have already known through social media .
I have had a lot of good experiences with dating apps .
I have met some really great people and I have had some really great dates .
Films on sites like Netflix have shown us possibilities .
It shows us that there are many different ways to be in a relationship .
It shows us that there are many different ways to live and to love .
It shows us that there are many different ways to be happy .
With modern technology , we do n't have to visit someone in person , or mail them to let them know we 're thinking about them .
There are thousands of apps and messaging sites we can use .
We can text someone , we can call them , we can send them a picture , we can send them a video , we can send them a song .
We can even send them a video of us singing a song !
Yes , technology has made it supremely easy to date and improve our romances .
Technology gives love the possibility of existing in new areas , where it could not before .
We have more ways to say ' I love you ' than ever !
After the film , you enter a door and find yourself in another cinema with about five hundred people .
You wonder what they are gathered around for .
A man in a tuxedo walks up to you and introduces himself as God .
He tells you that your time has come , and he is ready to take you to heaven .
' I am a little shocked .
I 'm not ready .
It 's too soon . '
'No problem , ' says God .
'We have a special program for those with sudden death syndrome . '
' I did n't know I had sudden death syndrome .
I did n't know I died ! '
'Yes you did .
You would n't remember because it happened in your sleep . '
said God .
'But I 'm young and I 'm healthy , or I was . '
'Well , there was really no point you living anymore . '
We decided to take you in your sleep .
You see , we have an important job for you that must be done from the higher-ups , if you know what I mean . '
'God , I am not ready for this !
I have so much left to do ! '
God waved his hand .
'We 'll make it worth your while .
It 's a prestigious job . '
'What would the job entail ? '
'The job is to be the judge for all the new dead . '
'Me ?
Judging the new dead ?
I could n't .
I ca n't !
That sounds like a job for-'Me ? '
said God .
'You see , I have a lot to do and I need some help in that realm .
Here take this . '
He held out a hand and offered a wooden gavel .
'You 'll need this .
You 'll figure it out . '
'Where do I start ? '
God pointed to a pearly gate .
'Right through here .
If you approve of someone , let 'em in . '
'Gotcha .
And what if I do n't approve ? '
'You 'll see . '
God said with a smile .
'Well , here goes nothing ! '
The first person walked up to be judged .
'What did you do in your life ? '
' I was an accountant .
I went to church .
I paid my taxes . '
'So why did you die ? '
' I had a heart attack while I was sleeping . '
'Me too .
Well , I approve of your life story and admit you into the gate . '
The new judge lifted the gavel high overhead , about to swing , when suddenly it fell .
'Wait a minute ! '
yelled the judge .
The gavel hit the judge on the head , and a burst of smoke exploded around them .
When the smoke had cleared , the new judge was gone .
The let the power get to their head , and went straight to hell .
y optimism is based on practical experience with previous screens - more than three decades of using PCs , more than a decade of using a mobile device .
Screen time is an inevitable part of life in the 21st century ; let 's minimize its harms and maximize its benefits .
here are four benefits to monitoring and curating screen time : health , safety , performance and academic achievement .
Let 's look at each in turn .
e 'll start with health - because it is the most important .
We can make use of the online fitness classes to exercise at home , which is very flexible and self-paced .
The absence of physical contact also prevents the spread of infection .
Regarding safety , screen time can connect us and help us monitor our homes , our children and the elderly who can not get out .
For workers , they can work from home with screen time , while staying with their family .
Education is another area of benefit .
Many students can now learn at home via screen time .
And universities ' distance-learning programs can be supplemented with screen time .
Finally , screen time can also help in academic achievement by providing the learners with the necessary tools to explore knowledge .
To conclude , we shall get over the excessive screen use and embrace the benefits of our digital devices .
There should be a limit on how much the athletes can be paid while enrolled in classes .
However , I feel that they should be entitled to royalties on anything particularly made of themselves .
The athletes should have to conform to some kind of code of conduct as to not do anything that would tarnish the positive effect they could have over the public .
In addition , the coaches should have to follow a code of conduct as well .
This means not doing anything that could be considered unethical including coercion of teachers to give the appropriate grades needed to fulfill academic requirements .
College athletes should be protected from getting exploited much the same way child models are being protected , as well as their implications for their future job opportunities .
All in all , I feel that college should be about an education .
The big paychecks should wait until after graduation .
Try to make the college years about being young and free of money problems .
The power of magic , of course .
After the alien bombardment , the mana has become more concentrated and the survivors have begun to develop magical abilities .
As humanity dwindles , their magic grows stronger .
The survivors desperately rally and attempt to use their new-found magical powers to fight back against the aliens .
Successes are few at first , but as the magic strengthens , and the survivors gain skill in its employment , they begin to turn the tide .
First they 've defeated a small squad of alien troopers , then a larger force , and then a mage knocks down an alien ship , and soon they 're ready to take on the aliens ' main base .
However , there are problems .
There are few humans left , and despite their magical power , their numbers are getting fewer .
Also , as their numbers dwindle , and their magic strengthens , the survivors begin to change .
They find that they care more for the magic , than for each other .
They crave the power that it brings , and the way that it makes them feel , and they begin to turn on each other .
The struggle against the aliens is momentarily forgotten , as the surviving , increasingly powerful magicians , fight amongst themselves for the right to wield the magic .
The aliens , who had been increasingly on the retreat , use this opportunity to attack the humans , and attempt to wipe them out .
They manage to kill many of the distracted magicians , but two manage to escape .
A man , and a woman , the last survivors of the human race , and the two most powerful magicians Earth has ever known .
They manage to flee the alien forces , working together , and arrange a truce .
Joining forces , they easily defeat the aliens , and save what is left of the Earth .
The alien menace dispelled , they turn on each other , and fight a final battle .
The male magician has the edge , and is about to strike a mortal blow , but at the last minute , his powers reveal that his opponent is pregnant .
Not only that , but her child , born into the world of magic , is already conscious , and more powerful than either of his parents .
The Mana Child restrains his parents , and guides them , and oversees the restoration of humanity , and the planet , into a new golden age .
that is the best idea I have ever seen .
The little pig then replied 'thank you ' from safely inside the house .
The wolf then said ' I 'm going to blow your house down . '
and the little pig said 'okay . '
Both the big and wolf knew this was impossible so they both ignored the threat and went about their day .
Then next morning the little pig awoke to the wolf sneaking around outside .
He was setting up tall metal rods around the pigs home .
Since the pig was so sure of his houses strength that he did not worry and went about his morning as normal .
Around lunch time the little pig started to notice that the house was heating up .
He then looked outside but saw nothing except the rods positioned evenly around his home .
They did not seem to be active in any way so he turned up the AC and made some lunch .
After lunch the little pig noticed that the house was getting hotter and hotter .
It was becoming unbearable .
Finally the little pig yelled out the window and told the wolf to stop whatever it was that he was doing to heat the house but the wolf was relaxing by the lake far from the the piggy 's home .
After a few more minutes the pig was forced to go outside to get some fresh air .
He looked around but the fox was nowhere to be seen .
He walked around the house and noticed that the metal rods were now glowing red hot .
He did not understand their purpose and they were too hot to handle so he yelled to the fox ; 'please come fix my home ' !
The fox heard the pig 's cry and rushed back over and snatched up the little pig before it had time to move and ate him up .
It turned out the fox was a scientist and he turned the home into a large centrifuge and started converting the uranium 238 int 235 which then heated up the house enough to force the pig outside .
The wolf was both satisfied with his meal and his ingenuity .
And I 've never heard of any laws against mountain climbing , snowboarding , or any other adventure sport .
In fact , I just read up on some laws lately and I did n't see any that forbade such activities .
And I should know a good bit about the law , because I 'm a law student at the University of Nevada , Reno .
That said , mountain climbers , snowboarders and pretty much anybody who 's into the extreme sports scene has to be aware of one thing : they 're not invulnerable .
And the more extreme the sport , the more likely there will be accidents and injuries .
But as long as the athletes themselves are aware of the risks , there 's no reason why they should n't engage in such activities .
After all , is n't living life to the fullest what being alive is all about ?
And do n't we all take calculated risks , even for some very dangerous activities , like speeding on the freeway or crossing the street without looking one hundred percent both ways ?
One could even say that extreme mountain climbing is much safer than riding an inner city school bus !
I mean , I get why that 's a hyperbole but you know what I mean .
It 's an individual 's decision to risk his or her life ; strict liability is what tort professors always say .
And the same goes for the parents of extreme sports enthusiasts .
My parents never discouraged me from snowy excursions because they knew I was capable of making my own choices , and it 's really none of their business anyways .
I was admittedly fortunate that I never got hurt very badly ; I broke my nose once , but nothing major .
My tort professor would be proud of my astute choice of body parts to be injured by !
In law school , they teach us that if you 're aware of the risk , you 're considered to have consented to it .
I do n't really think anyone in the U.S. really wants to live in a country where the state is paternalistic enough to put the kibosh on our hobbies , but I digress .
I mean , look at the amount of people who start smoking , despite the government 's strong anti-smoking campaigns .
The bottom line is that people should do whatever they want as long as they do n't infringe on anybody else 's rights .
And I do n't see how one can infringe on anyone else 's rights by doing extreme sports .
I suppose if one injured another 's property somehow , they could be in court , but that 's a different story .
In the alternative , I suppose one could argue that extreme sports are not productive , but this is hardly an argument against extreme sports ; I mean everybody does things that are n't necessarily productive .
I just do n't think that the inherent danger of extreme sports justifies their prohibition .
It 's not reasonable to prohibit them because they 're too dangerous .
It 's much easier to prohibit dangerous things that could adversely affect innocent others , like drunk driving .
But here , it 's just the athlete hurting himself .
So in conclusion , I think that extreme sports enthusiasts should be entitled to pursue their hobby without fear of persecution based on the inherent risk present in such participation .
But let it be clear that I am not supporting anything that violates any laws , of which I am aware no such laws exist .
And of course , safety measures should be taken , because there are still risks to be aware of .
And I 'm quite sure my tort professor would be proud of my argument against the conclusions of social activists who think extreme sports are too dangerous .
They can stay home in their granny panties .
I 'm going to go check my snowboarding blog now .
That is really scary to think about .
All of this time the United States could have been productive and got things done but 50 years were wasted because during isolation the United States grew unmotivated .
The United States has a very large population of people who are not educated .
as in they have no clue how to handle this situation of no one else going in isolation beside them This is a problem that is not going to go away .
Them not being educated really just puts a damper on the future of the United States .
Unmotivated + uneducated is not a good combination .
think that the United States should have been more prepared for the situation that they were in .
During those 50 years , they should have been educating their people on how to handle the situation of no one else going in isolation .
They should have been teaching them how to be productive and how to get things done .
In the future , the United States should not be so quick to go into isolation .
They should take the time to educate their people on how to handle the situation of no one else going in isolation .
That will help them avoid any potential future problems that they may have .
Athletes give up a great deal of their time and freedom to appease the irrational exuberance of fanatical , undereducated audiences .
In exchange for this they receive a piece of paper with negligible economic value , along with the opportunity to compete in an arena that will guarantee them very little .
The most important consideration here is that college athletes , by virtue of the participation in sports , risk career-ending injuries every day .
It 's not fair that if that injury happens during their first years as a pro , they probably get millions , but if it happens during their college years , they get nothing .
And what do they have to show for it ?
A diploma and little else .
Paying college athletes ensures that if their career meets a catastrophic end , they are paid enough to partially compensate them for the risks they took -- because their college have been profiting handsomely from their efforts .
College football has a $ 1.25 billion annual haul .
And the players deserve a piece of that huge pie .
They have made it possible .
It 's true they may get a diploma , but first , not all of them do , and second , very few players were recruited because of their academic prowess .
They probably joined the college football team just to be on a sports team .
And so the rewards they receive should come from the sports program of which they are a part .
Quite simply , our colleges have recognized the value of these players and have made them into valuable commodities .
So why not pay them ?
When I was a kid I was taught that a honest day 's pay for an honest day 's work is the American way .
And an honest day 's pay is what student athletes deserve .
I feel this way because there are so many benefits to listening to a book .
Listening over reading a book opens up many more opportunities to have a chance to use the book .
You can listen while you are cleaning the house , listen while exercising , listen while driving , etc .
When you read a book , you are sort of limited to the times you can sit down and relax .
Audiobooks seem to be better suit for people who find themselves on the go more , but still would like to indulge in a good book at times .
In addition to that , you really are given the key to perfect pronounciation in the book .
Sometimes you may be speed reading and pass over a minute detail in the book that you simply missed with your eyes .
The audiobook is read to you so you dont have to worry about this ever happening .
All this being said , an audiobook may not be for everyone .
Some people do not like the idea of listening to someone else read the book to them .
Some people also just prefer the traditional way of reading as it is a relaxing hobby in general .
People could feel that it is easier to immerse yourself into a book when you are reading on your own .
I know that our kids do better with assigned readings when they can get the audiobook version .
Seems to be easier to break the procrastination when you can simply press play and listen to the book .
I am mostly a fan of the audiobooks simply because it allows me to get more done around the house and in my life .
I would pretty much always prefer the audiobook over the book personally .
I would rather lay down and close my eyes and listen to a book over sitting in a chair with the book open .
I can even get up ad go to the bathroom if need be .
I also love the ability to listen to the audiobooks when exercising .
Going on jogs and listening to audiobooks is much more entertaining than i ever realized .
In conclusion , i feel listening to a book is just as good as reading one .
The school should not have to worry about feminine products for the students .
This should be the responsibility of the student 's parental guardians .
The main focus of school should be learning .
Now , if the school wants to set the students up with caregiving programs that will provide these items to the students , then I think that is fine .
I do not believe that the school should be required to provide these items .
Products like these can eat into already low budget of many school systems .
Additionally , it is not the school 's responsibility to provide certain necessities for the students .
If there is a student who is a Type 1 Diabetic , it is not the school 's responsibility to provide that student with insulin .
The student 's parents are responsible for providing that .
I do believe that there needs to be some sort of program that will address these needs if the parental guardians ca n't do it .
However , these programs should be independent from the school .
I think that many school systems would have a hard time getting funding to buy feminine products .
That is more of a reason why schools should not be required to provide these products .
Students may become dependent on the school to provide the product .
If the school system is having a hard time getting the budget for these products , it can leave the students surprised and in a bad position .
Ultimately , schools number one focus should be education .
If these schools have to divert their time to other non-education areas , I believe this will harm the school 's ability to educate .
Schools should pass off the responsibility of providing pads and tampons to other programs that are independent of the schools .
The film is my life , and I am the star .
I see myself as a baby , as a child , as a teenager , as a young adult , and so on .
When I am an adult , I am a woman who is a movie star in real life .
I am very famous and very rich .
I own a jet and a helicopter and have a huge mansion .
I have all the fame and material things I want , but I am still not happy in this life .
I am lonely because all of my friends just love me for the fame .
So I quit being a movie star and set out on an adventure .
I traveled to many places and met many people .
In Japan , they did n't even know who I was so I made true friends who loved me for me instead of the fame .
I even got a simple job tending to a large garden .
I was happy .
But before long one of the people in my town recognized me from my movie star days .
He was a big fan of mine and was very excited to see me .
Then everyone found out who I used to be .
I explained that I was n't happy in that life so I came here and I want to stay here .
The townspeople were happy for me and agreed not to tell my secret to the world so that I could continue living in peace with no one following me because of the fame .
I remained happy and at peace for the rest of that life .
You 're just chilling at the kitchen table one day when you take a look at the mug that your daughter Harper gifted you for Father 's Day one year when you discover the odd change .
Over a breakfast of waffles , scrambled eggs , sunny side up eggs , pancakes , French toast sticks , and a side of bacon , you 're wondering what happened to all the mugs .
You ponder the question over some strawberries with powdered sugar and a dollop of whipped cream and think about it .
As you chew , you look for your name on the ranking .
After all , you 've always been curious about the kind of dad you are .
When you find it , you 're somewhere in the bottom third .
You shrug it off as a fluke and go back to your meal .
But then you notice that your name is no longer on the mug .
In its place is the name of a different man .
You look at the other mugs and find that your name is removed from all of them .
At that moment , a cold chill runs up your spine .
You get up from the table and try to call your wife , but she does n't answer .
Who is this guy whose name now replaces yours ?
The name is Mark Anders .
You 've never heard of him .
He 's definitely not a friend of yours .
You run through your memory to see if you 've forgotten someone .
No , you do n't know him .
You go to your daughter Harper 's room and find it empty .
You start to panic .
Where is she ?
When you call out for her , a man answers .
It 's Mark .
He is Harper 's new stepfather and you 've never met him .
You are genuinely confused .
What happened to your wife , Soeurette ?
Mark tells you that Soeurette has been cheating on you for the last four years .
You are shocked .
He tells you Soeurette has been unhappy with your poor parenting skills and that this morning , she finally decided to marry Mark at a shotgun wedding place .
You ca n't believe it .
Mark earnestly tells you that he 's come to love Harper over the years and has legally adopted her .
You are heartbroken .
How could Soeurette do this to you ?
You think back to all the times she said , 'Our daughter is the only thing we have in common .
That 's why we stay married . '
You had never understood what she meant by that .
Now you decide to get payback on Soeurette .
You tell Mark Anders that Harper 's college tuition and private school costs will amount to close to a million dollars .
You tell Mark that since you are no longer legally Harper 's father you will not have any role in paying that money .
Mark is stunned because he does n't have a good or steady job , and Lord knows Soeurette is a housewife and trophy wife .
You leave , smirking , and let Mark consider the mess he has made .
Girls that do not know what a period is at the beginning of their puberty years can make a big deal out of it and it can cause a scar in their lifetime if they start to bleed all of a sudden in school and do not have pads or tampon to help with the flow .
At least the state should have some kind of emergency kit implemented in every school and that goes for middle school right thru high school .
For boys these are not things to worry about but for a girl this can be a big thing when it comes to their puberty years .
If the schools do not have budget for kit as standby , they should have an option where all the teachers come together and could buy such a kit and keep it on hand .
These girls reputation are at hands if they start bleeding in class and it can have a lasting effect right thru middle school or high school and brings a sort of stigma .
Parents should also be aware or be more involved in their teen girls life of when they are starting their period , that may also help with the girls carrying extra pads or tampons in their backpacks so they can have them at hand anytime they need .
Other than parents and teachers not having emergency pads or tampons on hand it would be up to the student to take care of such things , so in that case there should be more education about this in class , like a special class for all freshman when they first enter high school to teach them the basics .
Or there should be books or dvd 's provided to help them deal with the situation .
That will help them in private to deal with these things and it will also give them more confidence in confiding in parents or even teachers about what should be done about the topic .
It begins promisingly enough .
You 're born , your childhood is happy , and normal , and at worst , no more traumatic than the one you remember .
You master walking , and speaking , and before long you go to school , and make friends .
You reach your teens , and you fall in love with a girl that 's very much like the girl you fell in love with before .
You break up with her , move on to new relationships , and go to college .
You find that things in college , also go pretty much the same way that you remember them going , you choose a major that 's easy , but useless , and spend the next 4 years getting by with C 's and B 's in easy classes , and graduate with a worthless degree , and start looking for work .
You get a miserable office job , same as you remember , and soon you 're trapped in a loveless marriage , and all of this looks awfully familiar .
You 're disappointed to find out that your next life , is pretty much the same as the life that had just passed .
You look at the other people who share your feelings , and you realize that you 're all going to have the same life over and over again .
The theatre crowd becomes restless .
They start shouting and milling towards the exits .
The lights come on , and a man in a white shirt steps out onto the stage , holding an antiquated wireless microphone .
He speaks to the crowd .
Gentlemen , please calm down .
We are trying to help you , but we ca n't if you wo n't cooperate . '
He pauses , then continues .
If you watch the film closely , we 've offered you several opportunities to change your life for the better , and you have only yourselves to blame if you do n't take advantage of those opportunities . '
The crowd remains restless .
The man speaks again .
Look , I realize this seems hopeless , but this is a second chance , and we 've given you an incalculable amount of these , and so far , you 've yet to take us up on it .
Just keep watching the film , and maybe this time it '' ll turn out different . '
Many in the crowd continue to mutter angrily , and some , including yourself , heckle him .
If you 're really unhappy , we 'll open the exit .
Those of you who do n't like the film , can leave . '
The exit door creaks open , and many of the crowd file towards it , including yourself .
Upon leaving the theatre , the whole scene changes with disorienting rapidity .
You find yourself in a very different place , much hotter , and with no film , or theatre air conditioning , and you know now that * this * is where you will be staying forever .
As it turns out , there are worse things than being bored for all eternity .
Much worse .
I am worried about screen time bin general , not just during the pandemic , ecause I believe that it is a major factor in the epidemic of childhood obesity and the rise in childhood diabetes .
This is , of course , also a factor of portion sizes and the increasing amounts of sugar and fat that are included in convenience foods that are marketed toward children .
Given that most families have two working parents , and some of them have more than one job , we can not pass judgment on families for this outcome .
They simply do not have the time to cook at home or to engage in vigorous exercise with their children .
If screens were not so enticing to children ( perhaps , because we lived in an earlier time ) or because parents were deliberately denying their children screen time , then it is possible that they would play outside more often .
This additional exercise would be good for their bodies and possibly their minds as well .
I am also worried about screen time because of the potential for addiction .
Video games and social media are almost tailor-made to feed out brain 's desire for feedback and stimulation , and it can be hard to drag ourselves away from devices that give us what we want .
Although these trends are worrying , we have to accept the world as it is , and there is little that we can do to change other people 's behavior unless they themselves are willing to change .
This would require a mutual desire in both children and parents to limit their exposure to screens , and this perfect situation is rare .
My broader point is that we should be worried about screen time , especially for children .
We should also be worried about the amount of time that we spend on our own screens , and we should try to limit our screen time as much as possible .
Social media and even video games can have the same effect on adult brains as they do on children .
Likewise , a sedentary lifestyle can be unhealthy for anyone , so we need to force ourselves to get up and move , preferably outside .
When it comes to the pandemic , however , I think we have to accept that screens ( while dangerous when over-used ) are very helpful .
We need to be able to communicate with our families and friends , and we need to be able to access information about the virus .
Internet-connected devices may feed our addictions , but they also allow us to keep in touch with the people we care about .
If kids were playing outside with their friends , they might have spread the virus and caused much more loss of life than we have already seen .
And keeping kids indoors , in isolation , without any way to communicate would probably be worse for their long-term health than excessive socialization on the internet has been .
And so , te bottom line is that we should be worried about screen time , but we should also be glad that the pandemic hit when it did .
Screentime has been a crutch that has helped get us through a very difficult period in our lives and in our history .
However , whenever we are safely able to do so , we should try to return to a life in which interactions are sometimes made in person , and in which people interact in the real world .
It is healthier for us on so many levels to be active , social , and connected .
Once the acute risk of disease has passed , or has at least been controlled , we should try to get ourselves back out there .
The world is a dangerous place , but it is also filled with wonder .
This power has been unknown for so long , people really do n't know what to do with it .
Some have fear that the Earth will end up like Ragnarok when Hella came back , but there are a quiet few who know better .
This small group have been studying Mana for generations , passing the secrets of the ancient powers down through their family .
Before the world went to pot , the Keepers of Mana were able to skype and communicate via messenger and social media .
They learned the magic spells and ways and kept written journals of what they discovered .
This small group knew the time was coming when this power would be needed , and the had to be sure they were ready .
ow , they are ready to share the secrets of the Keepers of Mana with the world .
There are so few people left , it wo n't be difficult to pass along what they know .
Incredibly enough , each area where humanity survived a Keeper , or more , survived as well .
The Keepers had learned so much in their studies , they are able to communicate with each other via telepathy .
They do so , and share what they are teaching to others .
The time is coming when the Earth will be ready to battle the aliens that have taken over their loved home .
To these few people , this is all too much like a scene from Avengers , and the aliens are no more than a Thanos that needs to be reckoned with .
TWhen the time is ready to do battle , it will be silently fought and the invaders wo n't know what is coming .
Mana is magic that is n't showy or ostentatious .
It is subtle and the Keepers and their students will strike without warning .
The power comes from being of one mind and fighting for one cause .
Mana gathers it 's strength from everyone collectively reaching towards the same goal , which is getting rid of the aliens .
When the Earth was over populated , Mana struggled to survive because humans were always at odds with each other .
Political battles , gender battles , income battles .
All of the hatred humans had for one another , kept Mana silent and not of much use .
Now that humans collectively are fighting to rid their world of the aliens , the power they hold is insurmountable .
They will win this war .
The day finally arrives when everyone on Earth has been taught the basic principals of the old magic .
When all people are ready to be better and do better with the new world they are about to obtain .
They collectively think of what they hope to achieve and how they hope to be when the aliens are gone .
Then Mana takes over , and their lives being anew .
And wonderful .
Everything they had wished for in their old lives becomes a reality .
The man looks like the man of her dreams .
He 's smart , funny , and handsome .
He 's also a shapeshifter , and he 's been using his ability to look like other men to get close to her .
She 's unaware that he 's been using his ability to look like other men to get close to her .
Every she breaks up with him , he learns from his mistakes , sort of like the movie 'Groundhog Day . '
He slowly figured out all the things she likes and dislikes as well as her red-flags .
He 's been trying to change himself to be the perfect man for her .
After many unsuccessful attempts , changing his appearance every time , he finally figured out all of the right combinations of personality it took to win her heart .
They eventually became engaged to be married .
One day , while he 's in his human form , she sees something that makes her suspicious .
His tail was sticking out .
He had not made it disappear .
She freaked out and began questioning him .
At this point , the shapeshifter had given up all hope of finding and tricking this woman anymore .
He shape shifted into his true form and ate her .
He decided to try turning into a woman and finding a man to pursue .
Maybe this would be easier for him to find true love .
The End .
And my first lesson was in the summer after fourth grade .
I was a lonely , bookish kid .
I had very few friends and the summer stretched out before me a relentless and boring juggernaut .
I was a voracious reader , but I had read everything in the house .
I biked over to my school building .
It was Catholic school taught by brothers , nuns and priests .
I was a little nervous about being there , but I thought I might be able to read in the library .
I walked into the library and was greeted by a t ray-haired , slightly stooped man named Brother Thomas Aquinas .
He welcomed me in .
He was kind and gentle , and seemed to instantly get why I was there .
My father , an alcoholic , was seldom home and I had very little experience of a male parent .
I had no idea what to expect from a father figure .
That summer , Brother Aquinas gave me something I had been missing .
He gave me a sense of what it was like to have a father .
We settled into an easy companionship , and I spent most of the summer in that library , while my mother thought I was out torturing insects with the neighborhood sociopaths .
Brother Aquinas was a great storyteller .
He told me stories about the saints and the lives of the great philosophers .
He told me about the great thinkers of the world , and about the great thinkers of our time .
His empathy and compassion toward me made me want to have those qualities too .
I will never forget something he said to me near the end of the summer , I had asked him if he thought he would go to heaven .
' I would n't want to go to heaven , ' he said , 'unless everyone I loved could be there with me . '
That is true compassion .
What happened to the good old days when young people went out on a date and actually talked with each other ?
Now the dating process is reduced to texting and using social media .
I remember that when I was young , young people had to meet each other , talk to each other and find something in common before they could know whether they were compatible .
And that led to a lot of fun nights out and a lot of wonderful , unexpected experiences .
For example , I know I loved heading to the local pizza joint and talking and dancing with girls to records and jukeboxes .
And I really loved taking the girls to baseball games ( and it did n't hurt , in retrospect , that I was a really good third baseman back in my high school years ) .
It was also always fun to cut through Central Park just before sundown , or to head into the Village .
Those were some wonderful times , and every date felt like a new adventure , and I still think fondly about them even today .
I met my wife as a result of slipping on a patch of ice as I went out for a late-night slice of pizza at the local pizzeria .
It was totally accidental , of course -- I had just come from a local bar and had been carrying a drink in one hand and looking at my watch in the other .
In my defense , it was a really cold winter night .
I fell and landed on my left side and was starting to get up when I saw a beautiful , tall blonde come rushing forward to help me .
And I do n't know if it was the cold , the drink , or the shock but I suddenly blurted out something like : 'You will make some guy very happy someday . '
And then I promptly fell back down , hit my head on the icy sidewalk , and blacked out .
When I came to she was standing there , with a thoughtful expression on her face .
As I sat up and rubbed the back of my head , I looked at her and then looked down at the pizza slice lying next to me .
And she , without missing a beat , picked up the slice and handed it to me .
It was then that I knew that this woman would be somebody that I would have to meet again , just so I could take her out to dinner .
I took her out for pizza next week and we hit it off immediately .
That was 44 years ago , and I still think fondly about that night .
But these days , most young people do n't even bother to meet their potential date , just as long as he or she looks good in a profile picture .
It 's like they 're shopping for a new car on the Internet , only the price is something called 'the compatibility rating . '
It 's an impersonal and dehumanizing experience , and I do n't think it does anybody any favors .
After all , have n't you seen the statistics on divorce in this country ?
It just should n't surprise anyone that over half of all first marriages end in divorce , when young people do n't even bother to spend time getting to know one another .
Poking and swiping through selfies might work for some people , but what happens when you get off of your phone and get into the real world ?
Marriage is n't about finding a picture on your screen -- it 's about finding a person you can trust and love and spend the rest of your life with .
Let 's just be real , I never would have met my wife if I had been glued to my phone all the time .
I was out enjoying my life in the real world , about to eat a slice of delicious New York pizza , and I hit my head on a patch of ice .
And that was all it took for me to dive right into a wonderful , loving relationship .
I just do n't think that Tinder or Match or JSwipe is going to produce any such results ... at least , not for all of us .
So in conclusion , I would have to say that I think technology in general , and the so-called 'dating apps ' specifically , are probably not helping our society in any way ; the technology probably makes us more isolated , less social creatures , and more shallow as individuals .
I do n't know if I can make any more sense than that .
And if any of my grandsons are dating , if they are just swiping left and right , I 'm going to have to take away their phones !
You can find people with very specific interest that you can not find on your own .
The sheer number of potential matches on dating sites far out numbers the amount of people you will consider dating in person by several orders of magnitude .
Dating apps also have algorithms that help match you with potential partners that are very close to what you are looking for or how compatible you may potentially be with a person .
These algorithms are highly effective .
People are also looking at you .
You will be contacted by potential partners as well .
So its not just one way .
Then you can get to know one another a bit before the first date if that is what you want to do .
Given how many people are in need of dating or relationships or connections , its no surprise that online dating is very popular .
It also does not have the stigma around it that it used to .
I believe it is now the most efficient and smart way to choose a potential partner .
Its much better then luck and that is usually all you have to work with when out in the world looking for love .
On a dating app luck plays its part but not nearly as much .
The the two of you can use your devices to get to know each other before and while dating .
Makes so much more sense overall .
You ca n't make informed decisions without knowing what is happening in the world .
The pandemic and the recent political divide has shown that more than ever .
People who do not keep up with the news are prone to just believing whatever conspiracy theories or lies are going around .
That is a danger to our society .
It currently is putting people 's lives at risks as people believe masks and vaccines do n't work due to the fact that they just ignore the facts .
In my opinion , just being a citizen is a responsibility .
You have to do your part to know what is right and wrong to do .
You can only know that by being informed in general .
You ca n't be informed if you do n't know what is happening in the world .
One good example is with the coronavirus .
People were claiming it was a made up disease just to make Donald Trump look bad .
They ignored the fact that this was hitting every country , not just our own .
You rationally would know that the entire world would not all lie just to make one country look bad .
However , many people either ignored or refused to believe the news of what was happening elsewhere .
I think engaging with current events is important .
Even if it is n't something as important as politics or the pandemic , it 's still your duty as a citizen .
What if you had children and by not watching the news you missed hearing about a carnival in a neighboring town ?
Your family missed out on a chance to go do something fun and memorable .
There 's different levels of importance when it comes to news .
You do n't have to keep up with celebrity news to be a citizen .
However , you need to keep up with what is happening in the world .
If that feels overwhelming , you at least need to know what is happening in your very own country .
That is the only way you can make informed decisions .
Because otherwise you are just blindly making decisions that not only have the potential to harm yourself but also your neighbors , friends and even your very own family .
The alien is a bit of a ditz , and when he realizes that he has kidnapped the wrong person , he tries to get him back .
Matt Damon and this alien become friends and are both trying to find their way back to earth .
The alien is not great with directions , part of the reason why he took the wrong person .
Now the boss of the alien is upset , and is rushing him to return Matt Damon and get the person he was suppose to grab .
Matt trys to act very passive when the alien is talking to his boss , carefull not to get the alien into trouble .
The two go on a journey to different planets and galaxies in order to return Matt Damon to earth and to find the Matt Damon who he was suppose to grab .
The two start to bond and the alien realizes that Matt Damon is a good person , and that he should not be punished for taking him .
The people of earth are gaining on the alien and Matt Damon , and the alien is in danger .
Matt Damon tries to signal the people off but to no avail .
The two need to find a way to either return Matt Damon more quickly , or signal to the earthlings that matt damon is ok .
While being chased , the alien ends up fainting from over stimulation and Matt is forced to drive the ship .
Matt swerves around multiple times and ends up coming to a stop on a random planet .
Matt runs out with his hands up , signaling that he is ok .
He screams for everyone to hold their fire , and that the alien inside is nice .
The earthlings hold their fire , but pull their guns out again as soon as the alien walks out .
The earthlings ultimately meet the alien , and agree to terms to allow matt damon to return home .
The alien is given protection from the earthlings , and is also able to come back to earth to introduce himself to the humans personally .
You can still be enthralled listening to a book as you would reading a book .
For certain people , an audiobook is more enticing to them due to the production values of some audiobooks .
For example , the audiobook of the Harry Potter series has a full cast of actors and actresses who read each part .
This can really help people get into the book .
It is almost like you are listening to a play .
If you drive and commute great distances , audiobooks are a great companion to have on the road .
You are able to engage with the book while still keeping your eyes on the road .
This is a great way to multitask .
You are able to make your way through a book while still being on the go .
Audiobooks also provide a way for those who are visually impaired to enjoy a book that may not be available in brail .
This is a great way to make books more accessible to those who may not be able to read the book in its original format .
I would say that one benefit from reading is that you get exposure to words in text form that you may not know the meaning to .
I find that this helps me to learn new words more than listening to an audiobook .
Personally , I equally like to read and listen to books .
I will listen to books that have a great narrator .
I will read books that do n't have a good narrator .
A bad narrator will ruin an audiobook for me .
Audiobooks are a great way to enjoy literature .
They have many positives and very few negatives .
I think more people should try out audiobooks because they may discover that they love it just as much as I do .
People around the world were shocked , and really confused , by the sudden change .
Everyone was questioning and wonder what , and why this happened over night .
As a matter of fact no mug showed Dad as rank # 1 anymore .
The government promised to investigate and fix the problem .
During their deep investigations their come to discover why .
The reason was almost as unbelievable as the event itself .
What they found was that there was one man , a doctor named Bob McHenry who accidentally sent out a pulse from his lab that altered all of the mugs in the world .
So the government brought Bob to their most advance science labs for two reasons .
To figure out how he did it so maybe it could be used for other secret doings for the government , and for two to see if he could send out another pulse that could change all the mugs back to normal , how they used to be .
Basically so people would stop freaking out .
Bob agreed to work with the government and try to fix this problem .
He did n't mean it anyways .
He figured that all he had to do was to to reverse the polarities of the pulse .
So that is exactly what he did .
Luckily he was right and all the mugs were fixed , which is why we can now see Dad as rank # 1 again .
Now he works in a secret lab for the government .
But no one knows that .
All of the news stations played stories about the abduction .
There was no real way to trace Matt Damon to outer space .
The alien hacked the newscasts and released a message .
The alien gave a ransom to the United States government in order to get Matt Damon back home safe and sound .
The alien asked for a couple of different things .
He wanted money , he wanted jurisdiction over every planet that is n't Earth and he wanted a top of the line rocket ship from NASA .
The government thought it over and found that this was n't a big deal .
The demands were n't out of control so the government agreed to the deal .
They sent the alien money , a rocket ship from NASA and allowed the alien to have jurisdiction over all of the planets not named Earth .
Matt Damon was returned home and reunited with his family .
The United States public had confidence in their government as they helped save a beloved figure .
On the aliens side , he became a dictator .
Little by little he took over each planet .
Mars , Mercury , Jupiter , Saturn , etc .
They all were his .
He was building a superpower that could one day challenge the United States .
Perhaps the government never thought of this aspect and were just comfortable having access to Earth .
Luckily for both parties , they were able to sign a treaty where they could trade goods and services which would benefit each country .
The treaty became known as the Matt Damon treaty as that is how everything originated .
Both parties lived happily ever after and the compromise lasted forever .
The aliens were able to receive clothing , cars and money and the United States received new technology including UFOs .
It took a lot of scientists and people with old wisdom to unlock this hidden power and the secrets behind it .
They figured out that while yes , the mana is spread very thinly , if people work together they can channel their mana power together , creating an amount large enough to allow someone to wield it and its incredible power .
The Mana-users are called 'Mana-Senshi ' , which literally translates to 'Mana Warrior ' .
These warriors were chosen by a council of world leaders to wield the mana and use it against the alien invaders .
Once they were selected , getting them their mana was simple ; regular citizens from different areas would go to what was called a 'Mana Dispensary ' and unload their mana in some solution in a vial , which was combined with other vials until there was a canister large enough to administer to a Warrior through IV .
The canister was then taken to the Warrior , who would then be infused with the mana .
After being infused , the Warrior would go to a rigorous training camp to learn how to weld their new power along with the other elected Warriors .
they were taught by some old sages who knew the ins and outs of mana and how it worked .
At first , the regular citizens were apprehensive to go to these facilities and get their mana withdrawn from them .
Up until today , no one even knew they had this kind of power flowing through them .
People also did not trust the government and what they were being told .
There were many protests and riots in the streets , but the government was able to quell them by promising that the Warriors would be used for good and it the only hope to fight the aliens .
It was n't until an attack by the aliens that killed thousands of humans happened that people became more accepting of the idea of unloading their mana .
The warriors would learn how to cast powerful and ancient spells at their training camp that would be able to kill the aliens with relative ease .
Once the warriors began to be dispersed around the world to fight the threat , the tides began to turn in the humans ' favor .
They stood no chance against the power of the Warriors .
After a few hard fought years , the aliens were totally driven off of the planet and the human race was saved .
the Warriors around the world were hailed as heroes , and most of them returned their mana to the planet itself , which restored some of nature the aliens destroyed .
Unfortunately .
not everyone was willing to give up their mana .
Some rogue Warriors went into hiding and have not been located since .
These Warriors are roaming the world somewhere , still holding this incredible power .
Now that the aliens are gone , the real threat is alive and well ; power hungry humans .
I have been a father now for 7 years .
I had my son 7 years ago .
I had my daughter 4 years ago .
I 'm certainly not a perfect dad , but I do the best that I can .
I am there for every recital and pee-wee league game .
I am the one who makes the snacks and brings them to school .
I work quite a bit , but I always make sacrifices for me kids .
When I woke up last week , I noticed my ' # 1 Dad ' mug that my kids gave to me changed .
It now had # 1,000 on it .
It was early in the morning so I thought my mind was dull due to me just waking up .
I have breakfast with my family every morning .
When I sat down with my mug filled with coffee , my son asked me why my mug looked different .
My wife asked me if I got a new mug .
I told them that this was the same mug that I have had for years .
I was n't sure why the mug changed .
I know this was not a feature of the mug .
Otherwise , it would have happened years ago .
hat day , I decided to take my mug with me into work .
A lot of the other fathers at work happened to bring their coffee mugs in as well .
I saw a variety of different numbers on the mugs .
My boss Jeff had a mug that said ' # 1,000,000,000 Dad ' .
My office buddy Tim had a mug that said ' # 20 Dad ' .
My office worker Sam , who no one likes , had a mug that said ' # Invalid Dad ' .
I was n't sure what that meant .
There was clearly something going on with the # 1 Dad mugs .
Maybe , these mugs were telling us how we truly ranked in this world as dads ?
I was not a # 1 Dad -- according to the mug .
I started to worry a bit about my standing .
Was I a bad father ?
How is this ranked ?
Then , I received a text from my daughter and son .
It was a video from them telling me to have a great day and that they loved me .
After receiving the text , I stopped worrying about what my ranking was .
I was loved and that is all that mattered .
chool is a lsopa lace where students can learn amore abouh te world around them , and also learn how to interact with others .
While students may learn content and information that is less useful and more situational , the benefits of school are still present as students ought to learn how to think more in depth in what information is given to them , to be more analytical and purposeful in their actions as well .
In my opinion , the most important thing sI earn edin school is how to think critically .
That is , to think more in depth of what I learned , and to analyze it further .
This includes being able to apply the knowledge in other areas in my life , to also apply the information with other knowledge I learn or already know .
I think this is the most important thing I learned in school because it will help me in my future career , and also in my everyday life .
Being able to think critically helps me in any kind of job , as it helps me identify which information is useful , and potentially think of more effective and creative means of accomplishing a task .
It also helps me in my everyday life , as I can apply the skill in other areas of my life , such as my hobbies and interests .
Thinking critically helps me identify when information is falsified , and potentially inaccurate .
It gives me an initiative to learn more about the topic , and to also learn more about the subject matter .
That way I avoid claiming what I read or heard about as accurate , when it may as well be false and misleading .
This is true of what claims is posted on social media , but also what I hear from people in person , and in the conversations that I hold .
Thinking critically goes hand to hand with the ability to being flexible in ones beliefs , as you should reconsider positions when information is learned that changes how you view things , and that is more alligned with your informed beliefs and perceptions .
Overall , I think thinking more in depth regarding the world around me and effectively thinking critically is something I will continue to use in the future .
It helps me in my work , where I am to analyze information and create reports from it .
It helps in my personal interests , for me to be better informed in my choices to avoid mistakes , as well as misinforming others about false claims or information .
For that , I think it is one of the thing students ideally should learn from school .
I think as connected as people are in today 's world , it is useful for many to be able to think critically on what they read and hear about on social media and other outlets .
Many issues will be avoided if people are able to perceive false information as such , and they would be able to inform themselves properly to make decisions that affects not only themselves , but the lives of others as well .
A world-wide society of mutants has emerged and are now the way of life .
It was amazing how quickly things crumbled .
It had only been 50 years after all .
But , mankind had changed .
If you could really even call it that .
Decisions had to be made .
Should we go back into exile or try to adapt to this new world ?
The new creatures seemed to have their own language and their own social structure .
There was no more money , everything seemed to work on the barter system .
Some nations still wore clothes and seemed to live in towns and cities , but many had reverted back to a wild state and the capitals were nothing more than abandoned crumbling buildings and cities were going back to nature .
A world without the Internet was a hard one for me to adjust to .
But I saw the changes on the television every night from broadcasts made by the brave souls that went to see this new changed world .
I decided that I wanted to be one of them .
There was a segment on the local news about a group of people that had decided to go live among some of the more civilized mutants and find out what happened .
I suspected they also hoped to bring them more in line with our way of life .
I called the number at the end of the segment and made an appointment to go downtown the next day for a physical and screening .
I was nervous as I prepared for the interview , but I had done my homework and knew as much about this new reality as possible .
As I packed my bags that night , I knew that sleep would be hard to come by .
But I knew that this was something that I had to do .
It was up to me to either figure out how to navigate this new world , or make it fit more like the reality that I remembered .
As I fell asleep that night finally , I dreamed of a new world that was fused with my old world and suddenly it did n't seem so scary anymore .
I mean really , how many times have you seen commercials that portray animals in suffering left by their owners , or in really bad caged up situations .
That really tugs at a persons heart strings , at least it does mine .
Now how many times have you seen commercials portraying human suffering of people in lets say , North Korea where it is know to be really bad .
I can not say I have ever seen one .
That 's why I think that is why people relate more to animal abuse because it is more publicized on TV .
I also think it might be because people do not really see tourists nearly as much as an animal , and if they do , for the most part tourists seem to be having the time of their life .
I do not think it is really ok to put animal suffering above human suffering though .
Both are problems , and both should be addressed for sure .
I do think that we should put more focus on human suffering though .
Just because most of us do not have to deal with the bad treatment on a daily basis , does n't mean we should turn a blind eye to it .
Maybe if we treated people better , people would also treat animals better because they would care more and be more empathic to all living creatures of this world .
Humans are animals as well .
Let 's not forget that .
At first you think that your wife Michelle is having a little joke at your expense .
She is n't next to you in the bed so you get up to try to find her .
You wander down the hallway and you hear a noise from downstairs .
You head downstairs thinking that she will be there to laugh at you .
When you get downstairs she is n't there .
Instead you 're surprised to find a person sitting in your living room who you would have not have expected .
'Oh my god , you 're ... ' you start to say .
'Yes ' he replies , ' I am John F. Kennedy ' .
You stand there in disbelief .
' I must be dreaming ' you exclaim .
'No ' he says , ' I need you to listen . '
He proceeds to tell you a story you can barely believe .
He tells you that all former US presidents receive immortality using ancient magic preserved by the Masons .
Many that are thought to have died , like him , are in fact still living and will live forever .
They are all part of a secret group with one goal in mind .
'What is it that you 're all trying to do ' you ask ?
Kennedy proceeds to explain that the group has one goal .
'The goal is ... to try to take over the world ! '
'Yeah , that makes sense , you say . '
So you join the shadowy group of former US presidents and vow to help them take over the world .
The side effects are quite devastating , and you suddenly realize at the ripe old age of 85 how lucky you are to have escaped them entirely .
However , some of the people that you love are n't quite so lucky .
For example , your wife , Soeurette , is several years younger than you .
She did receive the drug .
She is n't aging , but the drug has its consequences .
And they are manifesting now , all these years later .
Will you be able to help her ?
You frankly do n't trust that you will be able to help her .
All your life you 've done nothing but protect her from harm 's way but now you do n't think you will be able to .
You do n't think you can protect her from herself or the heinous results of a flawed experiment .
Soeurette 's blonde hair has all fallen out .
Her fingers and toes have all distorted into claw-like appendages .
And perhaps worst of all , she 's lost all sense of sanity .
Her mind is actually going crazy and you are watching her rapid snowball decline from reality .
And the worse part is , it 's happening right before your eyes .
Your heart aches for the woman that you love and suddenly you realize what you need to do .
You need to do whatever it takes to stop the people that did this to her and other innocent victims .
You immediately identify the pharmaceutical company that created this drug so many years ago .
It was called Biogenetic Research .
You vow to hold them responsible for their negligence .
You will be the one to make them pay .
And you have decided to do so by filing a class action lawsuit .
Once the lawsuit has been filed , however , you realize that Soeurette 's functioning is just getting worse and worse .
Her pain and discomfort is intensifying each and every day .
So , one day , when the pain is particularly bad for her , you tell her that you understand if she needs to let go and head to heaven without you .
She nods and you say you 'll come back to check on her , but then when you come back , she 's already gone .
You are devastated that she is gone .
You really ca n't believe that you just lost the love of your life .
You take this pain and hurt you are experiencing to court and fight back hard against Biogenetic Research .
Eventually , you win the lawsuit .
The court decides that there is enough merit to your case to warrant a huge amount of money in damages , awarded to you .
You are absolutely happy that justice was served in this incident , although Soeurette 's death puts a damper on how you are feeling and makes you feel guilty all over again for having allowed this all to happen to her .
However , you know you are taking baby steps toward rectifying this situation for Soeurette .
So you will count this experience of going to court on her behalf as a total win and will not let anyone else tell you otherwise .
he film is about your life , and you are the star .
As you watch the story unfold , you talk to the other people , your 'twins ' , and ask them what they think is going on here .
You all agree that you are in a cinema , and that you are watching a film about your lives .
Having found that discussion less than illuminating , you return your attention to the film .
You watch as you are born , and then grow up .
Childhood is just as traumatic as you remember it being .
You watch as you meet your first love , and then receive your first heartbreak .
You note that you made pretty much the same mistakes this time as you did in the past .
You watch as you finish high school , go to college , and get your first real job .
ou watch as you fall in love again , and get married .
At this point , you begin to get a little nervous about where this story is going .
You stand up and walk to the back of the theatre , looking for an usher , checking to see if maybe there 's a concession stand out front .
You find a door marked 'EXIT ' , and you push it open .
You get a bad feeling about this , and decide to return to the theater for now , but you still have a craving for popcorn or even cheese nachos .
You return to your seat , and continue watching the film .
You watch as your marriage falls apart from the same poor choices , and continue watching as you go through the same experiences again and again , and you begin to wonder if you are really making any progress .
You watch your second marriage .
You watch as you have children , and then watch as you lose them , whether to estrangement from the divorce , or untimely deaths , or just the ordinary process of them growing up and moving out to lead their own lives .
You watch as you get older , and begin to feel your mortality , and become increasingly weak and infirm .
You start to get more than a little bored , figuring that this will soon end in your death , and that you 'll be in this same movie theater yet again .
You concentrate , you try to reach yourself in the film , you try to send a message .
Get popcorn ' is what you 're trying to convey .
You 're hoping your film self will listen , and that the next time you have to go through this , at least you 'll have something to munch on while watching this dreary movie again .
I was not that religious , so my attitude toward the teaching Brothers was less than optimal .
I was smart as well as a smart ass .
But then I met Brother Marian .
He was a slight man , and walked crookedly as if he had been a polio victim or had Parkinson 's .
There was always a few flakes of dandruff on his black suitcoat under his disheveled brown/blonde hair .
He taught English Literature .
From the first day of class , I felt accepted .
He was smart , kind , gentle , and full of centered peace .
He was a good teacher and a good man .
My situation at the time was bad .
Alcoholism , mental illness and poverty had wracked my family and I often spent hours aimlessly riding my boke through the surrounding neighborhoods because my mother incessantly told me to go out and play with my ( nonexistent ) friends .
I was lonely , confused and hopelessly sad .
Brother Marian wseemed to care about me .
Something new developed within me during Brother Marian 's class , something valuable and hitherto in very short supply .
That something was hope .
began to bhope tat I could be a good person , that I could be happy , that I could have a good life .
That was a game-changer .
I began to read books .
I began to dream .
On graduation day , not a single member of my family came to watch me get my diploma .
But Brother Marian was there , and came looking for me after the ceremony .
He was the only person who cared enough to come and find me .
But we missed each other and I never saw him again .
Through the intervening decades , I have tried to find him , but there is no trail .
I think he has died .
But not in my heart .
Trigger warning-AI-introduced murderous elements/cancer .
( Yes , the AI wanted to give the pig cancer , 4x , and suggested hooking to an IV drip .
That pig did something bad in a past life . )
But the wolf could n't blow it down , because depleted uranium is one of the most dense elements in the known universe !
So he had to come up with a new plan .
He disguised himself as a health inspector , and he walked up to the house and just stood there for a while .
Then , he knocked on the door and said , 'Little pig , little pig !
It 's the health department ! '
he 92nd little pig recognized his voice , so he said , 'No thanks , wolf .
I 'm healthy as a pig ! '
The wolf said , 'Oh , I 'm sorry .
I must have the wrong address . '
And he walked away .
But the wolf knew that the little pig would go to visit his neighbor , so he waited outside the next house .
And as soon as the 92nd little pig walked out , he snuck up and put a bag over his head and took him away .
he wolf put the 92nd little pig in a big pot and started to heat the water .
But the 92nd little pig was smart .
He managed to squirm his way to the edge of the pot , and when he did , he grabbed a nearby radio antenna and pulled it out .
The antenna was attached to the city 's radio station , and when he pulled it out , all of the city 's residents could hear him screaming for help !
So the people of the city stormed the wolf 's house and rescued the 92nd little pig .
And when the 92nd little pig got home , he wrote a book called 'How to Build an Igloo Out of Uranium ' which became a bestseller .
ut then he got cancer .
nd then he got cancer again .
And again .
So while his family lived happily ever after , free of the scourge of the wolf , the little pig had to live his life hooked up to an IV drip , slowly dying of cancer .
When he died , he was revered as a saint among pigs , and children sang his praises for saving them from the evil wolf .
In this story there was a dad named Bob and one day while he was drinking coffee , he noticed something extremely bizarre about his mug .
He did n't know what was going on , but suddenly his ' # 1 Dad ' mug changed to show that he was actually now ranked # 999 .
He wondered what kind of weird magic was this that kept changing his mug .
He went to talk to his friends about it and they started experiencing the same thing .
He even saw a story about it when he watched the news that evening .
It turned out that all the # 1 Dad mugs in the world were changing numbers repeatedly .
The whole world was confused and perplexed .
Bob was determined to find out why the mugs were changing .
He thought that if he figured out why , then he might be able to change it back .
So he and his friends started to dig up information and asked a lot of questions .
Then one afternoon Bob had to save his toddler son when he ran out into traffic .
After this happened the number on his mug went up to # 20 from 999 !
He suddenly realized what it must mean .
If he saved his son from getting hit by a car , then that was what gave him the boost .
So it must mean that the number on the mug was his actual dad ranking !
Bob could n't wait to tell his other dad friends .
fter this , Bob and his friends started to figure out ways to get a boost in their rankings .
They made an effort from then on to be really good dads since they could now see how they were doing in comparison to others .
And this phenomenon continued all over the world .
In the end , the quality of dads improved all over the globe .
And it was all because of some magical occurrence with the mugs that remains a mystery to this very day .
Technology is common place in most roles in humanity , unavoidable and all-encompassing .
Screen time has many benefits , and we should stop worrying about it happening , and instead focus on how and what we do with it when it does happen .
We should use the extra time on screens to connect with people , to share information , and to help each other .
e should use the extra time on screens to learn , to teach , and to share knowledge .
We should use the extra time on screens to create , to make , and to share ourselves and our minds with others .
There are many new ways to share , and modern technology makes this effortless .
We can share our thoughts , our feelings , and our ideas with the world with a simple touch .
We can learn from others , gaining experience , insight , and ideas at a rate we 've never before been able to .
We can connect with people we 've never met , and learn from their lives .
Technology is part of everyday life .
We need to make the most of its benefits , and let it fall into its natural role in our lives .
e need to embrace technology , and use it to help us .
Change is inevitable , and stressing over it only wastes time and damages our health .
We 're going to be using technology in the future , so we may as well begin to do it efficiently , without regrets .
We can find a healthy balance with off-screen time , and will then be able to utilize our time online to better ourselves and the world !
What the fudge ?
Really , what the heck can this be about .
I always thought , being retired meant I 'd have AT LEAST SOME time for myself ?
And furthermore , how the heck did someone get into my room ?
I have secret service here , after all .
That 's crazy .
And Wait , surely this is n't THE JFK , the dead one ?
Nope , it could n't be , I 've seen the file myself , Kennedy was definitely killed , not alive , even if he was ... well , he 'd be what , pushing a hundred ?
Nah , no way .
He , besides suffering an assassination , had Addison 's disease , impossible to survive this long .
Forget packing bags , I 'm going to call the phone number now , first .
Ok , It 's ringing .
Wait , someone 's voice - Hello ?
Yes hello , Barak , it 's JFK , yes I know , just listen .
I realize you , and everyone else thinks I 'm dead .
It was all preplanned ... so never mind all that .
I had little say in the matter , they made it clear in Dallas in '63 that I WOULD be killed if I did n't play ball , so here we are .
I AM getting too old for this , and it 's time for you to step up .
See There is another planet , just outside our solar system .
It 's called Ganon 45 .
I run things there , it 's like a parallel to here .
There is a yin and yang to things , you see .
You 're expertise is needed there , Things are exactly 40 years behind time there in relation to Earth .
Are you packed ?
No , I answer , I 'm not .
OK , get your necessities and we 'll supply you with anything else you want/need .
The world , or Ganon is yours .
Please come ahead .
You CAN say no , but things will end very badly for you and your family if you do , you 'll alter the time/space continuum , necessitating a reset , and we do n't want that .
I say ok , sit stunned , and begin grabbing a few items .
There are men there with Secret Service , they seem to have things all sorted .
I 'm told to sit in the back of a black SUV , and we 're off .
I 'm dazed , wondering what will next happen .
I have n't even said goodbye to my wife , for how long , I had no idea .
We were going to an air base off of Virginia 's coast , I was told .
What in the heck ?
Ok .
So we ride there in relative silence , my 'bodyguards ' seem mute .
I 'm not sure what to say , so I do n't say anything .
We get to the gates , which open immediately , and I find myself ushered in towards what appears to be an airfield .
It ca n't be , it just ca n't .
But it is .
It 's a glowing saucer shaped craft , hovering over the ground , green men wait on either side of the door lifting toward the craft , I grab my bag , and step up , going into another world .
The alien has held him hostage in the woods outside of his spaceship .
The alien is unaware that Matt Damon is a famous actor and that his kidnapping is a huge deal .
He wants to keep him so his species can learn more about humans .
The alien has a lot of questions for Matt Damon .
He asked Matt Damon about what things he ate and what he did during the day as a human .
The alien is fascinated by the fact that Matt Damon is a human and that he is so different from him .
Meanwhile , the people now know that Mr. Damon is missing and a report of it has even been seen on the news .
The people are very worried about him and they are trying to find him .
After about a week , the alien sees this on his spaceship 's tv transmitter .
He knows the humans will eventually come for him .
He decides to let Matt Damon go .
Matt Damon went home and told all the people , even the news reporters , the story about the alien .
He told them how the alien had kidnapped him and how he was very nice to him .
All the alien really wanted to do is learn about humans and their culture .
The people were very happy that Matt Damon was safe and that the alien was not a threat to them .
To show their gratitude , the people allowed the alien to visit in a nearby area , so he could learn even more about Matt Damon and his people .
The alien was able to taste delicious food and listen to music played by the people .
He hung out with Matt Damon and his friends for a few days .
He was very happy to be able to learn more about humans .
The alien was sad to say goodbye to Matt Damon and his friends .
But he had gotten all he had come to earth for .
He climbed in his spaceship and took off happy about his journey to Earth .
The End .
I think we have a responsibility to know what is going on in the world .
If you are a U.S. citizen , you have even more responsibility because we live in such a powerful country and the things our nation does have a huge impact on other countries and all the people in the world .
Even if you are n't a U.S. citizen , I think it is important to at least know what 's going on in the world and understand the connections of your actions to the rest of the world .
By being informed , you can make better decisions and be a purposeful part of your community and the world .
Especially in the age of social media , it is so easy to become informed just by following your favorite news sites on Facebook or watching/listening to one of the many news sources on YouTube or any number of other places .
It 's become so easy that it ca n't be a viable excuse anymore .
Not paying attention to news just means you are being lazy .
I also think that events from last year and this year have made it even more important to stay informed .
No matter if you 're a Trump supporter or not , the things that he has done since taking office have been huge news .
The same with Biden .
Fake news has also been a huge topic , and it is inevitable that people will misunderstand what is going on .
If you do n't stay up to date with politics , you 're condemning your children 's future by your apathy .
If you are informed , you can help others understand what is really happening .
Just by being informed , you will be able to connect the things you learn to things that you already know .
You will be able to ask questions and look for answers .
You will be a much more active and engaged citizen in your city , your state , and the nation .
You 'll become a better person .
I feel very strongly about being informed , and I care about what 's going on in the world .
I think it 's a shame that so many people are not informed , and I 'd like to change that .
I hope I can make people more informed by asking them how they feel about/ if they know what is going on in the world .
You do n't have to like what you learn , but you can accept that it is happening and informedly fill in the blanks .
I do n't like what I saw on the news today , but I try to find new information to understand it and be a better citizen because of it .
Engaging with current events may not seem like it has any effect , but through small changes , we 're able to eventually , together , make the world a better place !
Do your part , and do n't choose apathy or blindness !
As a menstruating human being , I 've experienced a number of inconveniences related to my periods , and sometimes it is due to a lack of access to these products when I need them .
As an adult , if I experience this inconvenience it 's easy to take a break to go get more , but a student in school does not have this option .
Sometimes students do n't have extra money to pay for something like a pad or tampon if they are for sale .
They should not be forced to experience the unnecessary stress caused by such a predicament when they are in school .
When students do n't have access to these items it can create a situation where they ca n't focus because have no protection from bleeding on themselves , or even worse they can actually have an accident which is not only unsanitary , it can result in them being humiliated by the experience .
No young woman should have to go through that in a school when the school could prevent it by providing access to the products right there at the school .
Pads and tampons , in my opinion are similar to first aid items because if one is needed , it is absolutely NEEDED NOW .
First aid items are provided to those who need them in schools so I believe that pads and tampons should be too .
They are somehow different because they are n't used by both genders , but to deprive ONE gender of items they literally ca n't be in public with out would place an unfair burden on females .
So in conclusion for all these reasons stated , I definitely believe schools should , without a doubt , be required to provide pads and tampons to the students who need them .
One is that people can listen to audiobooks while doing hands-free activities , such as cleaning the house or crafts such as knitting .
I 've personally found that such mindless activities are greatly enhanced by listening to a great audiobook while I do them .
Another benefit of audiobooks is that you do n't have to strain your eyes to read .
Many people are vision impaired , making reading difficult , if not impossible with traditional books , and for those people , an audiobook allows them to be fully immersed in what they are reading .
And even people with no vision impairment can have tired eyes at the end of a long work day which makes an audiobook a welcome break from the strain.Another benefit is that people can listen to audiobooks at night when the lights are down .
I like this benefit personally because I have a partner who goes to bed very early .
With an audiobook , I can still sit in the same room and enjoy it without waking him up by turning on the light .
All in all , I think there are many benefits you get from an audiobook and I prefer it personally .
You can control the movie by making a series of choices .
It ' like one of those choose your own adventure books you enjoyed so much as a child .
The movie begins , and everyone sits quietly waiting to see what will happen , or what you will make happen .
The film shows you as a child , growing up .
These years speed by fast , because it seems so boring to everyone .
The real excitement will come when you get older .
What will your career choice be ?
Will you get married ?
Will you be rich ?
The possibilities are endless .
When you 're about twenty , the movie jumps forward to show your thirties .
You can see yourself making the same mistakes over and over again .
You are trapped in a vicious cycle , and you ca n't seem to break out .
It is time to make some real changes to improve your life , or it will end up like the number of variants sitting by you in the theater .
You hit the option to make a career change to one you love instead of one you are obligated to .
Since everyone else in the room seems to be passed out from boredom , your choice becomes the reality of the new you .
You love what you are now doing for a living , and for the first time in your life , you feel satisfied with your lot .
Then you decide to play the lottery .
Something you had n't really done before .
The winning numbers are called , and they belong to the new you .
What a sweet surprise .
So much money all at once , you can do anything .
A new house , a new car , vacations .
You quit your job and begin to spend endless days on vacation and shopping and basically lounging about .
But is this life really any better ?
Should n't you be doing more with all the money you have ?
You tell yourself that it 's okay because you have the money now to help people who need it .
That 's it !
Helping those in need .
This is something you have always wanted to do in your past lives , but never had the money or time to do it .
Suddenly , you notice movement in the theater .
All of your selves are now paying attention and ready to make choices about who you will help with your money .
The old versions of you all had different problems .
Health , relationship , living situations .
Now is the time for you to give to organizations that could have helped in the past .
You give money to a few different organizations , vowing to personally help the people they cater to .
One by one , the suggestions for where you should donate money to come in .
You watch as the new you writes checks , volunteers time , and raises awareness for each and every group that needs help .
You can see that the new you is truly happy and filled with joy to be able to help others .
It is as if you have finally found your purpose and achieved your true self .
The screen begins to dim and the lights in the theater come up .
Everyone claps .
You all know this version of you will be the best yet .
You quickly looked over your shoulder to see what it was or who was talking to quietly to you as the voice was not something you are used to hearing and it was quite out of the ordinary .
You see a small bee , not much bigger than your thumb .
It 's a little black and yellow striped bee .
It 's eyes are a bright red and it has a small crown on its head .
It 's wings are a dark black and it 's body is a light yellow .
It 's small little arms are wrapped around your shoulder and it 's legs are wrapped around your neck .
You realize that this is a queen bee .
You 've never seen one before , but you 've heard about them .
You 've heard that they are the most powerful of all the bees .
They are the ones who control the hive and they are the ones who give orders .
You 've also heard that they are extremely rare and that they are the most powerful of all the bees .
You 've also heard that they are extremely protective of their hive and that they will do anything to protect it .
So at that moment i did not know what to do as i started to panic and tried not to get too excited and become nervous so that it senses my senses and bite me .
You think to yourself , 'What do I do ?
I ca n't just let it stay on me like this .
It 's going to sting me and I 'm going to die . '
You try to shake it off , but it does n't budge .
so i remain as calm as possible and try to walk it off and hoping it was going to fly away which she did n't no matter what .
You try to get it off , but it wo n't budge .
It just stays there .
You start to panic and you start to sweat .
You start to get nervous and your heart starts to beat faster and faster .
You start to feel a little dizzy and you start to get a little light headed .
You start to feel a little nauseous and you start to feel a little sick to your stomach .
You start to feel a little weak and you start to feel a little woozy .
You start to feel a little hot and you start to feel a little cold .
You start to feel a little shaky and you start to feel a little weak.At this point i thought to myself i can not have this bee sitting on me anymore and i ran as fast as possible thru a nearby forest hoping it would smell some flowers and just fly off onto one of them .
I ran and ran and ran and ran and ran and ran and ran and ran and ran and ran and ran and ran and ran and ran and ran until i got so tired i fell over .
At that time i noticed it had disappeared off of me and felt so relieved .
From that moment on i made sure i sprayed myself with bug spray whenever i went out especially in grassy areas like the park or flower gardens .
And i also made sure i always carried a small can of spray with me wherever i go from then on just to be on the safe side .
I also made sure i always wore long pants and long sleeves when i went out and i also made sure i always wore a hat and gloves .
You pause for a moment and think about what this could mean .
You 're not sure what the 'real job ' could be , but you 're certain that JFK would n't have sent you a letter like this if it was n't something essential to the security of the nation .
So , you call the number and it rings a few times before a voice answers .
It 's JFK on the other end , of course .
He tells you that he needs you to go to Cuba and meet with Castro .
You remember their long time rivalry , so you 're a little surprised that this is going to be a meeting , and not an assassination , and you tell him so .
He responds 'Oh , it 's going to be an assassination , and you 're going to help me pull the trigger . '
So , you agree to go to Cuba and meet with Castro .
The public thinks he 's dead , of course , but they think the same about JFK .
You pack your luggage , and tucked under your suit , you also pack a silenced .22 pistol .
Soon , the public will be right about one of these deaths .
You have no problems with customs , of course .
You thought you 'd be recognized , but it turns out that the public has no idea what you look like , out of office , you 're just another black guy to them .
When you reach the airport in Havana , you 're met by a man who introduces himself as Castro 's personal bodyguard .
As you get in the limo that will take you to the presidential manor , you spot an undistinguished brown-haired man who you think to recognize for a second .
You think to yourself ' I know that guy from somewhere ... ' but you ca n't place him .
You shrug it off and go to the palace .
You 're greeted by Raul , of course , but spend little time talking to him .
He 's inconsequential .
You 're led to Fidel , and after preliminaries involving Cafe Cubano and Cohibas , you get down to business .
The talk is ostensibly about loosening the U.S. embargo , and providing U.S. aid , but you 're fingering the .22 pistol the whole time .
The bodyguard leaves .
Now 's your chance .
You pull the pistol out of your jacket and point it at Castro .
Before you can squeeze the trigger , another shot rings out .
Castro falls dead , his head a bloody ruin .
You rush to the window , and see the brown-haired man from the airport , standing there with a smoking rifle in his hand .
As the Cuban police descend on you , and hustle you off to prison , you recognize him as Lee Harvey Oswald .
A few days later in a Havana prison , you read the paper .
'Castro Assassinated by Obama - Second Gunman Theory Nonsense . '
it says .
You smile grimly , and hope that your new cellmate is n't going to be Jack Ruby .
The wolf was very surprised that the house had been built out of depleted uranium .
Who had ever heard of such a thing ?
The wolf was like , 'dude , I 'm going to blow your house down . '
But the little pig held firm .
The little pig said there was no way that the wolf could blow that house down .
After all , the little pig , whose name was Dr. Cornelius Oliver , was destined to become a famed scientist .
There was no way that he was going to allow some wolf to blow down his house , not when he had taken such great care to construct his house with the most scientifically sound material in the world .
So the wolf huffed and puffed and blew and blew , but the house withstood the wolf 's mighty huffing and puffing .
Still , Dr. Oliver 's house stayed fully intact .
It was practically fulfilling a law of science .
There was no way that house was coming down just with a few huffs and puffs .
So the wolf huffed and puffed and huffed and puffed and huffed and puffed .
But the wolf 's huffing and puffing was not enough to blow down the house .
The wolf was very angry .
He was very angry that he could not blow down that house .
Dr. Oliver was delighted to see that the wolf 's efforts were futile .
The wolf was very angry , but he was also very hungry .
And so he asked Dr. Oliver if he had any siblings .
The wolf knew full well that Dr. Oliver had many other siblings .
The wolf knew that Dr. Oliver 's mother had a hundred little pigs .
The wolf knew that Dr. Oliver was the 92nd little pig .
Dr. Oliver was not surprised that the wolf knew this .
So he answered the wolf honestly when he said that yes , he did indeed have siblings .
The wolf asked Dr. Oliver if he could have one of his siblings for dinner .
Dr. Oliver knew where this was going .
He knew that the wolf was going to try to find his siblings ' homes and blow their homes down .
Dr. Oliver was not going to let that happen .
He was going to do whatever it took to protect his siblings from the wolf .
So he told the wolf that he would give him one of his siblings for dinner , but only if the wolf promised to leave the rest of his siblings .
The wolf agreed to this .
After all , one little pig was enough to keep the wolf full for a whole day .
So Dr. Oliver led the wolf to the home of his brother , DSmith The wolf was vpleasantly surprised by how cooperative the little pig was being .
The wolf had expected the little pig to be more difficult .
But little did the wolf know , Smith was a very clever little pig .
Smith had built his house out of lead .
And there was absolutely no way that the wolf could get into a lead house or blow a lead house down .
All such efforts were totally in vain .
So the wolf huffed and puffed and huffed and puffed , but Smith 's house stayed fully intact .
The wolf was extremely frustrated and hungry , but he was also too hungry to roam elsewhere to look for another pig to eat .
So he lay in a heap at the door of Smith 's house .
He cried out for food and his cries attracted a predator .
The predator was a flarge ox .
The fox spotted the wolf and gulped him down .
And that was the end of the little pig 's worries .
He no longer needed to be concerned that anyone would ever be a threat to his brothers or sisters ever again .
The End .
I think everyone should have some background knowledge about what 's going on in the world , even if they do n't follow it closely .
It helps to shape your world view and helps you form your own opinions .
This pandemic is a perfect example of what happens when certain people do not follow the news .
Those who do n't follow the news are often in denial of realities like this .
People have denied that coronavirus exists despite the news telling them otherwise .
Some people even seem proud to ignore news unless it is conspiracy theory based .
That 's why many Republicans believe that Donald Trump won the 2020 election .
They only listen to news that is extreme and does n't report the actual truth or they do n't listen to the news at all and just listen to their friends .
These people are proud to be American but they are not doing their duty to be informed .
I think it 's too vague to just say people keep up with the news or not .
Even if you do watch the news , you may not be watching a very informative program .
Morning shows for example tend to be more sugar coated .
People watch it to stay informed but are n't getting as much information .
Often times you need to watch national news to hear what is really going on in our country .
Sometimes people want to avoid such grim news so they prefer the friendly morning show format .
However they need to know what is happening .
If people do not know what 's happening in their own country , they can not hold their leaders accountable .
That 's exactly why Donald Trump did not lose by a landslide .
People were n't informed .
That 's all there is to it .
So yes , I do think people have some responsibility to know what is going on .
Otherwise they ca n't make informed decisions and when things go wrong they are partially to blame .
They may try to shift the blame but they are just as at fault as the next uninformed American .
He was kidnapping as he was still driving his car , which was also take in by the alien spacecraft .
Nobody could confirm that this was an alien abduction , because there were no witnesses , and Matt Damon had not been able to call for help from his cell phone .
Once on the spaceship , Matt Damon came face to face with its alien driver .
The alien began to speak , in an unknown language that he could not perceive .
Even its appearance was indescribable , not resembling anything that lived on the planet .
Matt Damon was confused , and because of the lack of a common language to communicate with each other , he decided to interpret the alien 's words by moving .
The alien appeared to be calm , not seemingly angry or threatening .
It soon began to move , beckoning Matt Damon to follow it wherever it was heading .
Matt Damon was brought to other aliens , who seemed to have the same features as their driver .
They all huddled together , and began speaking in the same unknown language .
Matt Damon began fearing for his life , thinking that he would never see his family or friends again .
Suddenly , the aliens all stopped and faced him .
One walked forward , and to his surprise , began speaking in English .
'You are the actor called Matt Damon , correct ?
' , spoke the alien in an accent that sounded unlike any he had ever heard on Earth .
' Y ... yes ... ' , stuttered Matt Damon .
The aliens upon hearing his response , began talking to one another again , seemingly excited by his response .
'You were Jason Bourne in the Bourne series , and also the lead actor of The Martian , correct ?
' , the English speaking alien asked inquisitively .
'Yes , I was the lead actor of those movies ' , Matt Damon replied. , albeit confused why the aliens were asking him such a question .
The alien who spoke English then took out a odd device and in a blight flash of light , appeared to take a picture of him among the other aliens . '
We would also like your autograph , ' asked the alien , in which Matt Damon only nodded in agreement to such a request .
Once he signed several autographs for the aliens , they took him back to his car , and soon dropped him back onto Earth , on the same road he was abducted from .
Albeit confused by the ordeal , he drove back home and went to see his family .
Choosing not to worry them about the truth , he made up a lie stating he was stuck in traffic , and resumed the remainder of his day .
For he was a bit content of the odd ordeal he was in a couple of hours ago , he learned he not only had fans on Earth , but he was also a famous actor amongst the aliens that lived in outer space .
n audiobook is like watching a movie inn your head , where reading a book is like directing that movie in your head .
In my experience , reading a book helps to enhance the visual pictures my head paints because while reading you are more often than not more focused on reading than just listening .
While something is read to me , my mind tends to drift towards thinking about other things .
Reading it myself my mind drifts off into what I am reading .
On a more educational point about listening to an audiobook , over reading it yourself , you do not get the same mind sharping skills .
What I mean by that is when you are reading , it helps to expand your vocabulary , and improve your reading skills .
Because of how the sentences are written , while you read them , you can take the time to ask questions like 'who is this person ?
' , helping to improve your problem solving skills quicker as well .
While listening to a book the narrator sometimes talks really fast , so I feel as if you lose the benefits enjoyed from reading a book .
There is also a kind of satisfying feeling that comes from flipping the crisp pages of a new book .
Even the feel of the pages of a timeless classic .
Another thing , how nice does an audiobook smell ?
I love the smell of a freshly printed book .
This next life is the most amazing one yet !
You are rich , beautiful , and powerful .
You are confused about the presence of your previous selves , but file this question away as one of the more interesting philosophical problems you 'll explore in your next life .
The next life is just as amazing as you expected it to be .
You live in an amazing home .
In this life you live alone and have a lot of freedom .
There is no need to work as money comes in from investments .
You can spend you days how you choose .
In previous lives you knew people you wished you could help .
You still think about them and it occurs to you how much even the smallest amount of resources can help them .
You decide to help them in this life .
You have just enough money to give each of them $ 30,000 US dollars .
The only thing to figure out is how to get the money to them .
You remember seeing your previous selves and think that they probably know how to get the money to the people you want to help .
You turn to them and say , 'How do we get the money to these people ? ' They tell you they must wait until the first of the year .
'That 's when the New Year 's money is given to them . ' On the first of the year you release the money to your prior selves and they deliver it to the people you wanted to have it .
You and your prior selves then move on to your next life .
The freighter is shooting between the star systems , and , during the lull of midflight , Q'Ibnaraa activates the hologram pad .
A formally dressed alien woman , bespectacled , tablet in hand , appears .
'Yes , Q'Ibi ? '
she asks , impatiently .
' I have a creature of great importance to the humans , one whom they revere as a god , ' He says .
'They will give everything to get him back , maybe even some of their wealth of plastics . '
'Fascinating , ' she says , showing interest .
'If you truly have the one they call Matt Damon .
I will notify the consortium , immediately ' .
With a flash of light and a mechanical whir , the hologram pad goes blank .
Matt Damon is n't aware he is going to be traded for plastics .
If he were told of it , he would laugh in disbelief .
Matt is also unaware of the great stir he has caused back on Earth .
'THEY TOOK MATT DAMON ' , a woman screams .
Her voice echoes around the world .
People form protest lines .
Governments are picketed .
WHERE IS HE ? '
people shout .
'If they can take him , they can take you ! '
'We demand a ship be sent to retrieve him ! '
They call for the 'leaders to do something .
The UN sends a message to the stars , demanding a return of the beloved actor .
The Consortium agrees to trade QEarth he man that was kidnapped for their p'atented technology , 'which is called ' p'lastics ' .
Large space barges come in , and are packed with recycled plastic .
It is a trade that benefits both sides-the Earth becomes cleaner , and the Aliens get their precious plastic .
Who could have known , that , of all people , Matt Damon would have been the catalyst for such an occurrence !
She seems to date a wide variety of men , being open-minded for any chance of of finding her soul mate .
It started just like any other date for the woman , she seemed to have hit it well with the man , who appeared suddenly as she was getting her daily coffee .
He seemed to share her favorite interests , he liked the same type of coffee , and he was into the same kind of music she liked to hear .
Granted , many of her ex 's were the same , sharing many of her favorite interests and hobbies .
To her , however , Mike seemed to be a bit different than her past dates .
He seemed a bit mellow and reserved , being passive and waiting for her to speak and make the first move .
A welcome change than her past dates , who seemed to be more active and confident .
On the date , Mike still appeared meek and nervous .
'Relax , I 'm not going to bite you , ' Clara mentioned to Mike , who looked down on the menu to avert his eyes from hers .
' I 'm sorry , I did n't mean to make you feel uncomfortable , ' Mike spoke , in a tone just above a whisper .
Sure enough , the dinner went fairly well , and she was content to be with Mike .
They decided to watch a movie together , at his house later that day .
In the midst of the movie , Mike excused himself , mentioning his urgency to go to the restroom .
Come to think of , Clara thought , Mike goes to the bathroom quite often .
He had done so very often during dinner , and seemed to still want to go during the movie .
Curious , Clara paused the movie and tip toed to the bathroom .
The door was unlocked , and she peered inside .
Clara was shocked , to see Mike transforming back into his true form .
An amorphous blob with no discernible shape , something she had not seen before in her life .
Surprised , she inadvertently let out a gasp and ran back to the couch .
Mike , heard the commotion , and realized Clara had seen his true form .
He quickly changed back into Mike , and went back to see Clara .
' I 'm sorry , I did n't mean to scare you , ' Mike said , as he sat back down next to her .
Clara was speechless , she did not know who or what was truly staring back at her with seemingly human eyes .
'The truth is , I am a shapeshifter , and this is the 6th time I 've been on a date with you ' , Mike said with hesitance in his voice .
Clara was surprised , all of her ex 's were the same person , a shapeshifter that was seemingly infatuated with her .
' I know it 's hard to believe , but I really do like you , and I want to be with you , ' Mike said , as he reached for her hand .
She grabbed it , and pondered , perhaps she was being a bit hard on him .
She wondered how hard it might be for him to form a long-time relationship , and if others like him were successful in doing so .
Smiling at him and motioning at the TV , Clara and Mike resumed the movie , continuing their date .
They continued to date long into the future , now closer to each other given that Clara is aware of Mike 's true identity .
Mike himself , decided to stop lying to Clara about who he is and regarding his personality , and found that she liked him quite more than the first time they went on a date .
For Mike , it was a happy period of his life , for despite being a shapeshifter , he found a form that was well accepted by the one he loved the most .
To the aliens , Matt Damon was just your every day , A-list movie star , they did not know Matt was actually an alien himself sent to earth from a dying planet 33 years ago .
Now that Matt Damon is on the ship , he is acting strange compared to other humans they have kidnapped in the past .
Matt did not appear out of place , in fact he would was walking about the room of the ship , examining parts that were known to be significant in one way or another .
This was a dead give away that Matt Damon had been previously abducted at the very least .
The aliens were not sure what to do with Matt Damon , they had never had a human act this way before .
They decided to put him in another section of the ship for him to inspect .
They thought if his attention went to certain areas then this was no ordinary human , if human at all .
They were right , Matt Damon was no ordinary human , he went straight for the power converters and other vital systems .
The aliens were not concerned though .
Even though Matt was well versed in their technology they did not view his knowledge as a threat to them or the ship .
Matt on the other hand was confident he could easily create a diversion using what he had at his disposal and escaping .
Mr. Damon was right , he quickly took a crystal out of a circuit board looking device and swapped it with a penny .
This caused the device to go into an energy intensive feedback loop .
This was not possible the aliens said to each other .
How can he be doing this but by the time they had telepathically discussed the nature of what was happening , the side of the ship blew open and the vacuum of space sucked everything out including Matt Damon , who was not harmed in anyway by emptiness of space and speed off towards his home planet , successfully stopping another alien invasion .
Very simply put , the athletes make the universities an insane amount of money and never see a dollar of it .
The argument that they are getting a scholarship which is a payment is a ridiculous one to me .
Sure they are getting a scholarship .
They also are working much harder than the typical student .
Student athletes are basically being a full time student and a full time athlete at the same time .
Thankfully , a bill was just passed that allows students to make money off of their name and their likeness .
I would be willing to bet than an athlete like Zion Williamson made Duke at least 20 times the amount that his scholarship was .
The student athletes have simply been exploited by colleges in the past , and the only people who see no issues with that are the universities themselves .
The entire student athletes getting a scholarship thing is a scam .
It 's just a scam that the universities and the top 1 % push because it helps make them money .
Paying student athletes would not destroy college sports .
Would it have an effect on the sports economy ?
Sure .
Instead of the universities and networks keeping 100 % of the profits and getting rich off of the student athletes , they 'll have to give them their fair share .
Anyone who disagrees with students not getting paid for sports simply wants to exploit them .
There is no reason why a student should be risking injury before they go pro for a university for free .
I do n't want to hear the scholarship excuse .
Students could have a full ride for academics .
Then what happens to those students ?
They get a full ride for academics and them playing sports gets them nothing extra ?
Maybe a free textbook or free lunches from the school cafeteria ?
We have finally figured out that this scam has been going on for too long and that is why the lawmakers made a change .
The exploitation of these 18-22 year old men and women is disgusting .
I 'm extremely happy that it is changing .
There have been so many student athletes in the past that have been used by their university .
If people ever saw the amount of money that Alabama makes from their football program , their jaws would drop .
That goes the same for Duke and North Carolina for basketball .
That goes for basically all of the SEC and ACC teams in college football .
There is enough money being made off of the college athletes to spread the wealth .
I do think there should be a cap on it and/or there should be a GPA to maintain in order to get their payments .
If they fall below a 2.0 GPA for example they get fined or something along those lines to teach them the consequences of slacking off .
Most college athletes wo n't go pro so they still need to make sure their academics are a priority .
As long as their grades are in good standing , they should get their payments .
We have had enough of students being exploited by the people in power .
That exploitation is now dead and students will get the money that they rightfully deserve .
They betray a deadening lack of imagination and creativity on the part of their creators .
A stereotyped character is a kind of lazy short-cut , used by a writer who has no real faith in their own work .
I do n't like those types of creators , so I typically avoid their work , whether it is in books , games , movies , or television .
So , my experience with these kinds of characters is limited .
However , some of the characters I 've encountered that made me cringe that readily spring to mind include Harry Potter , Rey from the recent Star Wars films , and Abby from The Last of Us 2 .
Harry Potter 's portrayal as a wide-eyed twit who has to be saved by everyone else , succeeds without without any particular effort on his part but instead through his status as a 'chosen one ' was particularly eye-roll inducing ; I always rooted against him , and I 've avoided every Harry Potter movie since the first .
Star Wars : The Force Awakens ' Rey is a straight up Mary Sue , with no particular flaws or accomplishments .
She proceeds through the stories in a similar way to Harry Potter , and these are basically male and female versions of the exact same type of stereotypical 'chosen one ' character .
As a result of Rey , I gave up on the new Star Wars movies entirely .
Abby from The Last of Us was an unmitigated stereotype of an ugly , muscle-bound , violent , 'trans ' or lesbian character that was included specifically to appeal to some potentially less-savory segments of the gaming audience , and I found her unbelievably offensive , and stopped playing the game within 15 minutes of having to endure her .
There are many older stereotypes in all media , of course .
But I guess the point I 'm trying to make , is that there is n't any special quality about stereotypes , they 're just examples of poor writing , laziness and creative bankruptcy , and the stories that feature them are bad , and not worth watching .
The burden is on the consumer , to avoid bad work , and support good work , and that includes work featuring offensive stereotypes , as well as any other kind of objectionable features .
I say this because i dont feel we are ignoring human suffering .
I think that there is just so much human suffering that we need to pick and choose where to divert our attention to .
Likewise with animals , there are many animals that suffer on our planet .
I think there needs to be some sort of moderation on both since it is unrealistic to think we can combat all suffering in both categories .
In addition to that , i think the media has sort of desensitized human suffering since it is so common .
For this reason , we as humans have more of a emotional reaction when we see animals being taken advantage of over humans .
We understand that both are wrong , however we see it so often for humans that we sort of just repress it in a way .
I think that emotional reaction is still there if we see a kid being harmed , however a grown adult we just sort of brush aside .
As far as the 40 percent saving their dog over a tourist , i think i would have to agree .
Our dog is like family , so if there was a life to save i would probably go with my dog .
I would not really be super sad if something happened to the tourist , simply because i do not know them personally .
If something happened to my dog i would be extremely upset and saddened .
Its an easy choice for me , but i would just relate it to family over non family .
So being more empathetic to suffering animals is really just something that society has done to us in a way i guess .
It would be interesting to find out how humans would react to stimuli involing a human death and animal death , if they had grown up in an era with no media aside from writing .
Maybe the reaction would be higher for humans because they can relate to a human death more .
I dont find it wrong either way to focus on welfare of animals or humans , because if that is what your focused on that you are an empathetic individual .
Everyone 's perspective is different and what may cause one person to take the death of a human strongly , may not do the same to someone else .
This is the beauty in everyone being different , and having had different experiences .
Just from my own perspective , i think i would probably have the stronger reaction seeing a dog being beat by a bat over an adult .
But if it was a child instead i think the child would take the cake over an animal , but thats just me .
Anyway , in conclusion , i dont think it is wrong to focus on animal welfare at all , i think everyone is different and people are going to focus on what makes them most enthusiastic .
The people who started to discover this long lost power of how to use mana were called Magicians .
It was up to them to try to stop the hostile aliens from completely annihilating the human race .
They had their work cut out for them to say the least .
What is mana you ask ?
Well , it is the life force that flows through everything .
Some people call it the soul of the world , ever renewing .
None the less , the magicians had a plan to get rid of the aliens for good .
They would use the power of mana to summon a giant dragon to destroy the aliens .
It was a spell they found in a book that was written thousands of years ago , and yet preserved for this very moment .
The old magicians knew this day was coming .
They knew that the time of the dragons was coming again , to save all humans from an alien invasion .
All the magicians of today had to come together in one area to cast the spell .
So they did .
It worked like a charm , and not just one dragon came from it , but thousands .
They flew all around the planet wiping out the aliens on the ground .
They did n't really have any trouble with that either , because the aliens did not ever expect it , and did not know how to deal with it .
The aliens were used to fighting humans , not dragons .
After a short while , all the dragons flew up to space with their powers , and destroyed the alien mother ship .
Making sure the aliens would never return .
After the dragons had finished their work destroying the aliens , they all returned to their sacred place .
They also left word that if the humans needed them again , to just summon them .
By then , the world is almost entirely filled with bright-eyed , attractive , youthful young adults .
People like you have to hide on the edges of society , avoiding their judgemental gazes at all costs as you become more and more decrepit and they remain strikingly beautiful .
Because of that , you do n't even hear about the breakthrough discovery until weeks after it 's become a global sensation .
The first time you hear about it , you 're in the middle of a crowd of young adults waiting to get into the grocery store .
'Agirl in front of you tin the line spots you and grabs you by the shoulders .
'You 're one of the lucky ones , ' she weeps , nearly knocking you off your feet with her youthful strength .
'You 're one of the Lost Generations , are n't you ? '
It 's silly that she needs to ask , because it 's obvious .
But you nod anyways .
Her tears fall faster .
'Please remember me , ' she sobs , flinging herself into your arms and squeezing your shoulders in a tight embrace .
'Remember all of us when we ... when we ... 'Her words choke to a halt , leaving you baffled and afraid .
A young man approaches you and places his hand on her back .
He also looks sad .
'We 're sorry , ' he says .
to you .
'For all the times people like us ... well .
We did n't know , of course .
And we never got the choice , did we ?
People like us ... this is the end of the line , is n't it ? '
You do n't know what to say .
You have no idea what they 're talking about .
So you nod , hoping it might mean something to them .
Sniffling , the girl detaches from you and takes the young man 's hand .
'Please remember us , ' she repeats , giving you one last mournful stare before stepping through the store door .
As the automated door shuts behind her , you realize it 's covered in a large poster , marked with the seal of the government .
It 's a warning about the side effects of the immortality drug .
You read the poster , and the world falls out from under you .
'Due to the violent development of suicidal-homocidal tendencies in adults who have received anti-ageing treatment , we ask that all members of the affected population ( ages 26-83 ) turn themselves in for containment and voluntary destruction .
This facility has been marked as a designated internment location .
Groceries for youths and members of the Lost Generations can be found down the road at the convention center . '
The ones who got the immortality drug started to change .
At first they got mentally slower , their bodies then began to decompose .
It 's a reality that girls go through 'that time of the month . ' Hygiene products are a basic need .
It 's a fact of life .
Some families provide them for adolescents .
Some families do n't for a variety of reasons .
Sometimes families are too poor and ca n't afford to buy feminine hygiene products .
Some families are neglectful and simply do n't make it a priority to provide these products .
It would be a shame for a student to be in school and not have a pad or tampon when it is needed .
So , it 's up to schools to be prepared .
Every school should have a plan .
Just like they have a plan if a student falls and needs ice for her knee , or a band-aid or if there 's an emergency , there should be a plan if someone needs a feminine hygiene product .
Schools should have pads and tampons readily available on hand .
They should be comfortable and effective first and foremost .
Secondly , they should be easy to access .
No one wants to go back to the nurse and say , ' I need a pad . ' There should be a designated place in every restroom .
That way it 's just there for the taking .
And everyone will be on their way to a happier period !
Sooner or later people will become anti-social .
People will forget how to deal with others in person .
People will lose their patience .
We will develop problems communicating with others due to the mostly the loss of personal connection with others .
We have seen this in the development of gaming for instance .
What seems like a long time ago , if you wanted to play a multiplayer game , you had multiple controllers , food , snacks , drinks , and your friends would come over to your house to play ( or you would go to theirs ) .
These friends were not complete strangers .
Sure , there was fun loving jibbing each other sometimes , but no one felt like they were really under personal attack .
Today if you play a game online , you stay at home and connect your PC or console to the internet and join an online game .
Gamers have become toxic to each other across because there is no longer a sense of personal connectedness or friendship at all .
It 's easy to call someone a loser when there is no consequences for said action .
The same thing will take place across screens for work and school as time goes by .
People will not feel that sense of comradery at work anymore .
Kids wo n't develop a social sense of friendship with kids outside the home anymore , and teachers wo n't feel as dedicated to their students or bosses to their employees .
You look up and see the bee flitting about in front of you .
You 're not sure what to say , since bees stress you out so much that it 's hard to think .
The bee 's wings are fluttering in an anxious manner .
This makes you feel nervous , because you know that bees are very sensitive to their surroundings .
Are n't they like dogs ?
Dogs can sense anxiety and fear and when they sense that , this is when they start biting .
So if this bee senses that you 're nervous , it might sting you .
You try to calm yourself down , but it 's hard .
You ask the bee why he 's approached you , and he says that he 's been sent by the queen to give you a message .
'What 's the message ? '
you ask .
The bee tells you that the queen wants to know if you 'd like to have a picnic with her .
'Why would I have a picnic with the queen ? '
The bee says that he 's really been sent to be your personal butler and that the invitation to picnic with the queen is a rare opportunity , not to be taken lightly .
' I do n't know , ' you say .
'After all , I 'm deathly allergic to bees . '
The bee says that he 's been specially trained to be gentle and that he 'll be sure to keep his stinger tucked away .
And he promises that the queen does n't want anything bad to happen to you either , so she 'll be sure not to sting you too .
He also promises that the picnic food will be delicious , including all your favorite foods with a special treat at the end .
You agree .
After all , what is there to lose ?
You love picnic food , and you 're promised a spread that includes all your favorites , which include fried chicken , egg salad sandwiches , macaroni salad , potato salad , and chocolate cake .
So off you go with your butler bee to find the queen .
When you do , you 're intrigued because she looks like a normal bee , but she 's wearing a crown .
She 's also wearing a long , flowing dress , and she 's sitting on a blanket that 's spread out over a field of flowers .
You sit down next to her , and she hands you a plate of fried chicken .
You 're surprised because you did n't know that bees could cook , but this chicken is really good .
It 's crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside .
You eat two pieces and then you ask for a sandwich .
The queen hands you an egg salad sandwich , which you eat .
Then you ask for a macaroni salad , and the queen hands you a bowl of that .
You eat it , and then you ask for a potato salad .
The queen hands you a bowl of that , and you eat it .
You 're about to ask for chocolate cake , but you stop yourself .
You 're so full you could almost burst .
The queen laughs .
She finds you humorous .
'Why did you bring me here ? '
you ask .
The queen smiles .
' I wanted to show you my kingdom , ' she says .
She tells you that she noticed that you have decided to plant a garden recently in your backyard .
However , you 've sprayed a bunch of insecticide everywhere , and that is very concerning to her since some of her bees in her kingdom have gotten sick or died after flitting over to your garden .
She wants you to stop using the insecticide .
'But I 'm allergic to most bugs and bees , and thus I need to keep them at bay , ' you tell her .
'No , ' she says .
' I 'm giving my personal orders to my kingdom that no bee shall sting you ever , as long as you get rid of the insecticide . '
You think about this offer and decide to take the queen up on it .
After all , you do n't want to be stung , and she 's pretty nice .
She 's even treated you to a delicious picnic .
So you agree to stop using the insecticide .
The queen is happy with this arrangement and tells you that she 'll be sure to send her butler bee to you every now and then to check up on you .
She tells you that if you ever need anything from her kingdom , you should just let your butler bee know .
You tell her that you 'll do just that !
It does allow you to enjoy a book while you are doing other things .
It allows you to enjoy a book without getting a headache from reading .
You can use the time to sit in the bathtub and just listen .
That can be very relaxing .
It also allows you more time to hear the story especially when driving .
Imagine going on a cross country trip and bringing audiobooks with you .
You could easily get through multiple books even while driving .
If you had brought regular books then you might have been lucky to get through one in your downtime .
There are disadvantages to listening to an audiobook .
You do n't get that connection that you otherwise would have had from holding the physical book .
Also out of sight out of mind comes into play as well .
If you do n't see a physical book sitting on your coffee table then it can be easy to forget that you were even reading in the first place .
That 's part of living a hectic life .
It 's gotten so easy to access audiobooks that they are just as available as physical books now .
You can even download them for free via your library 's app .
No longer do you need to pay for an audiobook .
That is a game changer .
So which is the right choice , an audio book or a regular book ?
I think that depends on what your situation is and why you are reading .
If you are busy and and otherwise would n't have time to read then an audiobook is a great choice .
If you however have more free time then you ca n't beat a regular book .
The most important thing though is to just keep taking in these stories that are available to us .
The way they are delivered is n't as important as just doing it .
The people who took the drug , called Ivima , start losing their minds .
They become violent and paranoid .
The country has been put into a long-term lockdown because the people who took it are slowly turning into elderly mass murderers .
Just last week , a 78-year-old male slaughtered 35 people in a grocery store , claiming that they were all aliens .
There has been a public order to round up and humanely execute all people who have taken the drug for over 59 years .
There has been outrage and uproar over the massive genocide of the elderly , but slowly and surely , each person turns into a mass murderer after they have taken the drug for almost sixty years .
The government , being run mainly by old people in the past , has been overrun by youth .
They stormed the capitol building to remove the elderly congressmen and women that were trying to prevent the executions from taking place .
They euthanized everyone over the age of seventy .
The government is now run by the young .
They will continue to cull the elderly that have taken Ivima since their twenties , and then the country will go into a period of darkness due to the loss suffered by nearly every family .
Never again will they take a drug like that , never again will they cull the population .
She holds onto her self-control and slowly , so as not to wake him , she gets out of bed .
She grabs her phone as she leaves the bedroom heading for the bathroom , the only place with a door that will lock .
She phones the police .
he police arrive and she tells them her story .
Right in the middle of it her boyfriend emerges from the bedroom and denies there 's anyone else in there .
The police search .
They give her a gimlet stare .
They pull her boyfriend aside and suggest a visit to the ER is in order since it appears she has hallucinated .
So , he 's got a choice , after the police leave he can tell her the truth , or he can take her to the ER and have them check out her mental state because the police are convinced she 's a nut case and he 's got to get her to the ER before she does something crazy .
What a dilemma , what should he do ?
THe decides to play for time .
He 'll take her to the ER , let them run a few tests , bring her home and see how things go .
He did n't find that things went so smoothly though .
The ER doc insisted she be admitted for observation .
He ordered a multitude of expensive and painful tests .
As this went on and on he figured he could never admit to her why she was really in this pickle .
She would hate him .
Their relationship would be over .
Every day she got worse .
She could n't even sleep because of the crazies on the ward screaming all night .
She lost weight .
She looked awful .
She just was n't the same person anymore .
He did something he never thought he would do .
He walked away , shifted his shape , and went out on the prowl for a new girlfriend .
This relationship had n't worked out in the past and certainly was n't now .
Too bad !
What they decide to do with their life , is primarily their decision .
Risky sports such as extreme mountain climbing , is an active decision that people take , just like other athletes that perform less risky sports .
Extreme sports are not for everyone , but for those that do choose to participate , it is their choice to do so .
They are not forced to do so , nor are the dangers hidden from them when they being investing time in the sport .
Less dangerous sports will always draw more people to it , primarily for the ease in getting proficient in said sports , but also the fact that such sports will not injure them if precautions are taken .
The same can be applied to extreme sports , as mountain climbing can be done in a risky manner , or in a way that minimizes dangers and reduces the risk for the person .
Whether a sport is then too dangerous does not change its classification , as sports are labeled not based on the risk involved in the sport , but rather how the person engages in it , and whether they compete or even cooperate with others .
Extreme sports follow the same set of guidelines as many less risky sports , but are associated with more risk .
For example , people wishing to mountain climb must learn proper techniques , invest in proper equipment , and even train on less tasking mountains before tackling more dangerous and demanding climbs .
The same is true for other extreme sports .
As for when a sport becomes unreasonable or still within reason depends primarily on the person , specifically their skill , physique , and mindset .
For example , a person who is not in good physical shape , or does not have the proper mindset to climb a mountain , will be more likely to get injured on the climb than a more experienced climber .
Thus we could say for the person that it is unreasonable for them to continue to mountain climb , until they get more experience and training .
There might as well be some level that is unobtainable for athletes and participants of an extreme sport , that might be considered based on risk and danger to be unreasonable to undertake no matter the physique and training said participants may have .
Ideally , they ought to be well informed of the risks and dangers , and well-prepared for the sport .
To disregard such considerations is to make the sport more risky than it already is , but many do make such considerations .
n the end , it is up to the person to decide what they are willing to risk in their life. , and what sort of achievements they wish to accomplish , either for the notoriety or for some sense of self-worth .
Barack was both confused and excited .
He heard rumors about old or dead presidents being seen in top secret reports but never paid much attention to them .
After talking with Michelle , he got the go ahead and called the number .
A foul mouthed lady answered the phone and immediately put him on hold .
After 20 mins she returned and loudly asked for his name .
Hold on a minute she says and transfers the call .
Barack immediately recognized JFK 's voice on the other end of the line .
Mr. President says JFK , we have been anxiously awaiting your arrival .
You are the one that will finally merge all the realities into one and complete the quest for peace your predecessors have worked and are working so hard to achieve .
You , Barack are the one , the one who will end the infinite war between good and evil .
JFK takes a brief pause and says Barack , I know this may come as a shock to you but there are other dimensions .
These dimensions are mostly identical with little differences here and there .
For instance the USSR is the dominate superpower in about 23 % of these alternate timelines/dimensions .
We need you and your yet unrealized powers of the universe to fix what we have failed to do .
Your coming was foreseen by the one they call Moto .
He has laid the ground work and you must complete it now that he is no longer with us .
Barack , you are the one now .
Obama gets up , says you can count on me Mr. President .
He then rushes out of the office and starts on his quest which ultimately saves earth and the whole universe .
The ancient Greeks , who we model much of our own civilization from , judged a man a fool who did not understand the affairs of the day .
I think that is a good standard to hold ourselves to .
Some might feel that they should just be left alone to mange their own business , without needing to know what is going on in the world around them .
However , nobody in modern society is an island .
A well-informed population is especially important in democratic systems .
If people are not informed , they can not make informed decisions about who to vote for , or what laws to support .
The morality and justness of a democracy hinges on the population making reasonable and informed decisions .
In this light we can see that it is selfish and dangerous to allow ourselves to be ignorant of the news .
Society only works when people are responsible not only for themselves but for each other and for the community as a whole .
We can only act to help our community when we are educated about the issues it faces .
For these reasons we must all take the responsibility to learn the news and to understand it .
In this way we can move together wisely into a better world .
The aliens have no idea what they 're in for .
Immediately , Matt Damon 's security , which calls themselves the Ninja Rescue Team , realizes he is missing and is ready to take action .
The aliens are not ready for the Ninja Rescue Team , as they are a group of ninjas who are ready to fight to the death to get Matt Damon back to safety .
The Ninja Rescue Team first had to find where the alien is hiding .
They knew that the alien would be hiding in a place that was not easy to find , so they had to think of a plan .
They decided to split up and search for the alien .
Eventually one of the Ninjas found him hiding in a cave in the wilderness .
He had Mr. Damon with him in the cave .
The Ninja then had to fight the alien to get Matt Damon back .
The alien was really strong so he shouted his special call to get the rest of the Ninjas there to help him .
The Ninjas then all came and fought the alien .
When the alien was almost defeated , he surrendered .
The Ninjas then took Matt Damon back to the Ninja Rescue Center , where he was safe and sound .
The alien thought he could hold a human hostage that day and get what he wanted from the humans , but it did not work out that way this time .
The alien learned his lesson for sure .
He also learned that the Ninja Rescue Team is not a team to mess with .
He will definitely not be abducting any more humans from this day forth .
Thus begins the story of the 'Lost Generations ' in this thought-provoking speculative sci-fi novel .
To save their own lives , the Lost Generations develop technologies to prevent aging .
They build self-sustaining orbital habitats and highly automated underground cities , and develop gene therapy to eliminate aging .
Their drug is better and more effective than the one that was initially given to everyone under age 26 .
As the Lucky Ones went on with their lives , blissfully unaware that they were ticking time bombs for horrid side effects , The Lost ones were building and evolving and making their own spaces better in the world .
And when the side effects finally came , they were prepared .
The side effects hit the Lucky Ones with the blow of a bull hitting the matador .
They were unprepared and unwilling to accept that their mortality may one day be imminent .
The side effects were so terrible that all they could think of was death .
The pain , the blinding lights , the thundering sounds in their ears were all too terrible for the Lucky population to endure .
During this time of horror above ground , the Lost were living below the surface .
Watching the scene unfold on cameras and biding their time for when they could once again regain control of the Earth from the childish Lucky .
The Lucky Ones knew they needed to do something , anything , to end the suffering .
Even though they were filled with hatred for the original recipients of the miracle medication , they also had some compassion that remained which did n't allow them to let other creatures endure prolonged suffering .
It was once again a case of the haves and have nots .
Only instead of money or wealth as in the previous world order , it was life or death .
The Lost decided they must do something they never thought they would .
They must give their proven , more effective miracle medicine to all of the Lucky ones .
So they did .
Again , the results were instantaneous .
The suffering would end .
But not as the Lost imagined it would , with a cure for the Lucky and renewed immortality .
But with a pop and bang and puff of smoke as the Lucky simply vanished off the face of the Earth .
After the death of the Lucky , the remaining Lost colonies began to form their own governments and figure out what to do next .
It was decided that they must not allow the same mistakes of their previous society to be repeated .
So they pulled the best , brightest and most intelligent minds from each of the remaining colonies .
These people began to work on a new and improved drug for immortality in the event the same situation were to strike them that had been inflicted upon the Lucky .
And again , their efforts were successful .
But the strain of creating this drug took its toll on the minds and bodies of these remaining individuals , so they built a home for themselves in space where they could work in peace and quiet on their next miracle drug .
John Dobbs noticed that his mug showed Dad # 345,987 , 009 .
He slunk down in his office chair .
I thought I was # 1 Dad. , he mumbled .
He glanced a few cubicles down and saw Mark McDonald 's mug read # 409,908,100 which made John feel a bit better .
' I 'm still the best in this office , ' he said to himself .
But then he glanced in the other direction and saw that Larry Lyle 's mug still read ' # 1 Dad . '
Larry beamed as John 's expression turned to one of jealousy .
Larry , meanwhile , was gleowng .
A couple of hours later , Larry left his cubicle for a meeting .
John sauntered over and picked up Larry 's mug , a bit in awe .
John looked at the mug in his hand and grinned .
The legend ' # 1 ' was affixed to piece of cardboard glued onto the mug .
When Larry returned , his mug was gone .
Knowingly , he walks over to Larry and said 'Where 's my mug .... mug ? '
Larry pulled it out of his bottom drawer .
The same cardboard legend was still on it .
Smiling , John reached for a pen-knife and scraped off the cardboard .
They both looked underneath the paper .
'World 's # 1 Dad , ' it read .
It 's hard to say who was more surprised .
'Should have had more faith , Larry , ' said Mark from across the office .
Knowing what is happening around you is important as you need to prepare for any type of emergency .
However , being critical to the news is a bad trait because it will cause restlessness in the society .
If everyone is critical of what the new says it will cause less happiness and peace .
Therefore , we should know what is going on around us and not be critical of it .
Thus , all people should keep up with the news to some extent , but they should n't get criticism towards it .
Everyone should digest the news on their own and should n't force someone to accept their viewpoint .
Being critical towards the news will only cause tension and even violence in the society .
The world is already in a bad place , and we need to get along with each other if we ever want it to succeed again .
To sum it up , we should know what is going on in the world by keeping up with the news , but we should not get critical of it just because we think differently from what is reported .
There are so many news outlets to choose from .
You should choose one that reports fairly and honestly .
That way , you can avoid bias information which will prevent you from being critical .
'Do you have any idea how wealthy you all could be living inside all of that uranium ? '
The pigs knew the uranium was no longer radioactive , but it was still really strong and they were formulating an idea in their little piggy minds .
You see , the little pigs had lived together for so long , they now thought as one brain .
The plot developing , was to get all of the big , bad wolves from the entire world into one place .
That place being their uranium fortress .
The wolves , they did n't know it yet , but the little pigs had been watching them .
The pigs knew of the wealth the wolves had accumulated from eating weaker animals and then taking their fortunes for their own use .
This angered the pigs , and many small animal all over the globe .
The idea the pigs were going to set into motion was to make the uranium home appear to be an exclusive , super expensive resort that catered only to wolves .
The would advertise all sorts of things to attract the wolves to the home .
Since most advertising is based on false promises , the pigs felt no guilt in stretching the truth to lure the savage creatures to the home .
Only the little pigs knew of the deadly trap they were setting .
The home was fortified even more , making it impossible to escape once the alarms and traps had been set .
The invitations to an exclusive , posh , wolves only resort were sent out to every wolf who had amassed great fortune at the expense of others .
Over the next week , the wolves began to arrive .
Paying what constituted their entire fortune the wolves were admitted to the exclusive 'spa ' for a once in a lifetime experience .
Or as the pigs later told in their tales of this exploit , an end of a lifetime experience .
The wolves were shown to their rooms , and they began to make themselves comfortable .
They were fed luscious meals , made from fake meat , and given all the treatment royalty would expect .
When the last wolf of great wealth and power finally arrived , the terminal stages of the plan were set in motion .
The pigs all left the fortress quietly in the dark of night .
The uranium tomb was locked and secured .
The pigs went back home and gave most of their earning to their mother and friends .
As for the wolves , they were left to fend for themselves .
They awoke to find no pigs , no food , and no way out .
As they say , it 's a wolf eat wolf world in a uranium strong hold .
When you were young , your parents worried whenever you stepped outside to play with friends .
Would they be able to help you in time should you get stung by a bee , was a common worry that plagued them during your youth .
You looked around , but could not see anyone .
The field you were standing on were empty , the only sight was the grass you were standing on under the clear blue sky above .
Once again you heard a voice speak amongst the silence , 'Your Majesty , I await your orders . '
You look down , and see a little bee , no larger than a thumb , looking up at you from your shoulder .
You feel shocked , not only has a bee landed on your shoulder , but it has talked to you as if you were royalty .
You feel as if you are in a dream , but the bright sun shining on your skin makes it clear that you are wide awake .
You speak out loud , ' Who are you ?
' , in a confused tone of voice .
The little bee replies , ' I am your loyal servant , I am here to serve you , Your Majesty . '
'Surely you have a name , ' you replied back to the bee claiming to be your servant .
' I do , but I am not allowed to speak it , Your Majesty . '
You ponder in your head why speaking their name would not be allowed , but decide against it .
You then speak , ' Are their others who wish to serve as my servants ? '
The little bee replies , 'Yes , Your Majesty , there are many who wish to serve you , but I am the first to arrive , . '
Your head begins to fill with many racing thoughts , of what you can do with hundreds , maybe thousands of servants at your command .
You then proclaim , 'Tell them to arrive to my quarters , for it shall be their new home . '
As the little bee flies off , you feel a strange feeling of joy , as if you have just gained something you 've always wanted .
You would have companionship , and will overcome your fear of being stung .
When once bees were a source of fear due to your allergies , your loyal servants would not sting you out of respect for you .
You begin to walk back to your quarters , and when you arrive , you see hundreds of bees , all with a smile on their face .
As their queen , they expect commands to ensure your protection , and you would be happy to be their queen as long as they protect you .
From that moment on you would be royalty , a human commanding hundreds of loyal bees , and in time you would forget that you were ever allergic to bees .
For the bees that served you would protect you from other foreign bees , and you would be safe from ever being stung in your entire life .
It was awkward to say the least ... Scientists could n't tell us how or why it had happened , but needless to say , it quickly became a global hot topic and a serious issue for pretty much every family in the world .
eople were losing their minds - everywhere we went , we would see people screaming at one another , : men fighting with their wives , kids in tears , brothers getting up in arms about long-forgotten sibling disputes .
It was as if the whole world had completely lost their minds all at once .
It was a dark time , too .
A lot of my friends lost their dads over it , either because they walked out on their families or , well ... worse .
Some dads managed to get rankings up in a few hundreds , and they started appearing en masse on talk shows to share parenting tips and talk about how much they loved their kids .
But this only made all the long-string-of-digits dads even more riled up .
There was one kind of amusing case with my sister 's ex 's cousin 's dad , though - it turns out he was n't even her dad !
His mug went blank when he held it , and that was definitely confusing for a while until his wife came clean about the real dad .
Hoo boy , I would not have wanted to be in that room when that news broke , though .
So basically , it 's been rough for everybody , but we 're all slowly learning to deal with it .
The police have had a much easier time convicting abusive dads for one thing , and a lot of marriage counselors are making bank .
Kids are less afraid to speak out about their rights as people and parents are really listening to them .
So I guess that does bring a little bit of good out of it , right ?
Still , the whole world is extremely obsessed with one question above all : who is the # 1 dad ?
The answer is still a huge mystery , even bigger than why this mug thing happened in the first place .
There are a lot of theories about it , of course , and everyone has an opinion , but no one knows .
No one except me , of course .
I love you , dad .
You 've always been # 1 in my book , and it looks like the mug does n't lie .
The bee flits about as your jaw drops in surprise .
' I ... I ... I do n't know . '
you stammer .
'Well , I 'm not going to do anything until you give me an order . '
the bee says .
'What do you mean ?
I thought you were going to sting me ! '
you say .
'No , I 'm not going to sting you .
I 'm your personal bee .
I 'm here to serve you . '
the bee says .
'But ... but ... but ... I 'm allergic to bees ! '
you say .
The bee tells you that you 're not allergic to him .
He introduces himself to you as Mikey , and he says that your mom hired him for you to plan your upcoming wedding .
'Wedding ?
What wedding ? '
you ask .
It 's been nearly two years since your last boyfriend broke up with you .
You are eons away from getting married , despite having an active presence on Tinder .
'Well , you 're getting married to the King of the bees. , ' Mikey says .
'Who else would you get married to ? '
You have never once in your life considered that you would ever marry the King of the bees , and this news shocks you now .
'But ... but ... but ... I 'm not a bee ! '
you say .
Mikey brushes your concerns aside .
'Come , let 's plan your wedding .
What flavor cake do you want ? '
' I do n't want a cake !
I do n't want to get married ! '
you say .
You had long ago sworn off men since you were sure that you did n't want to deal with the heartache you felt when your ex left you .
Mikey is not convinced .
'Come , let 's go to the florist .
What color flowers do you want ? '
You are flabbergasted by Mike 's persistence at planning a wedding you do n't want to have .
'Mikey , I 'm not getting married to the King of the bees !
I 'm not even dating anyone ! '
Mikey laughs at your protests .
'Come , let 's go to the dressmaker .
What style of dress do you want ? '
You have no idea what to say .
After an afternoon of cake tastings , catering tastings , dress fitting , and tiara shopping , you are exhausted .
Mikey says that you should go home and get some rest .
He says the day has been a total success .
You get home and see your mom .
She asks you how the wedding planning went .
' I 'm not getting married to the King of the bees ! '
you say .
Your mom laughs .
'Oh , honey , you 're not getting married to the King of the bees .
I hired Mikey to help you get back out there and find a man .
You 've been so sad since your last boyfriend left you .
I thought you needed a push in the right direction .
I 'm sorry if I overstepped my bounds .
But I just wanted you to see how exciting it could be to date again , since it would be so exciting for you to plan a real wedding . '
You are floored .
You had never considered that your mom would hire a bee to help you find a boyfriend .
Honestly , you are a little concerned that your mom would go to such great lengths .
'So ... so ... so ... I 'm not getting married to the King of the bees ? '
you ask .
'No honey , you 're not getting married to the King of the bees . '
your mom says .
'Oh , thank goodness . '
you say .
'But honey , you should really consider dating again .
You 're a beautiful young woman , and you 're going to be single for the rest of your life if you do n't start dating again . '
Your mom leans over to brush your hair .
'You 're going to be a beautiful bride someday , honey . '
You protest , 'But I 'm very active on Tinder . '
'Oh honey , Tinder is not real dating .
Find yourself a real man ! '
So after that conversation with your mom , you both agree that you 'll spend more time looking for nice guys out there , and she agrees not to hire Mikey again .
